test:  creates a suite for all the given @todo: problem .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx switches .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  populate the test configuration from the network probes the dictionary of the order .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add paths to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   directories
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template name of a module given its name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert files to [sanitize .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  convert   path

test:  python 2 and crack into one of the files .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  like   a
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy for the rabbitmqctl user to its virgin state of rabbitmqctl shims .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a crafted triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  gets   file
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a test unless a screenshot with the given name is tree .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  look   step
truth:  null   method

test:  choose the program tools for a particular tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  choose   disk
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  fixture that pass in the init app .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  used   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for imported methods .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  output   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project and project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  get the date of the format for the github api field .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  get   datetime
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() mainloop to be run using twisted mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to path given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   home

test:  returns an iterable of colors from a directed node .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change the users groups for the given user .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  change   grain
truth:  process   process

test:  given the wsdl deterministically types .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   add
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a new string using base16 escape by should_retry specific string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  decodes   replace
truth:  escape   a

test:  observations for observations onto a single axis is an array at a time .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   sqrt
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  mask the given tree by their unfulfilled bits .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disconnect a session from the logout home page .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnected   null
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  returns the stemmed of a string .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  docstring   returns
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function for creating a sequence of strings returns keywords if they match the optional extension .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  provides   split
truth:  split   split

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   stop
truth:  null   logic

test:  convert a clean file path to a file following the file system path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to do a simple zip file if they exist .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  request   request

test:  gets a slice number of seconds to a goal .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  checks that a subset of an array is still ansi index in a pandas time .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   function
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched from the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  returns the tuple x and string2 of the given list .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  given   null

test:  get the state of the given aws status .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an error length .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  given   multiply
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a shell-like patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   escape
truth:  build   a

test:  the main function .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   task
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the best match the bootstrap indices .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  generates   multiple
truth:  yields   null

test:  this should be used to load custom config from presence .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  looks for a django request configuration as a string .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  default   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  show the default group type for an ok button .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  queries   default
truth:  defines   null

test:  split a table as a restricted tuple with the schemes component .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  send a backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   server
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attempts to return the python directories found in a directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file containing the remotes of remotes .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the file .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a convenience function for the time structure that are the correct numeric values .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   helper

test:  displaying the first variable passed to the context .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  display a user information for a user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  display   model
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume call .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  send   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  return the predicate for a single predicate given an predicate service .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset tests to have no tests .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  determine the exact norm of an object .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a tuple with two dictionaries that differ between the actual and right .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   bootstrap
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed into the destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  generate a sequence of item strings .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve data from all commands and four data .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  try to get the currently selected version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrapper around runlength .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  return   format
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown a running system delay the system will be rebooted before the system will be shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   reboot
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  generate a sorted list of sdrs elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove data tables .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  remove   addresses
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the directory where each pack is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter mode should be disabled .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a wrapper for flat users error handling error handling as failed .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  error   map
truth:  null   api

test:  set the current thread state .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  set   handle
truth:  run   run

test:  helper method for cleaning types .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  create and return a python sandbox and/or python sandbox packages .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  check if slug is float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault for this image .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   a

test:  find the arguments in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network chart .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the next ports local ports hasnt yet .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   optional
truth:  turn   a

test:  return a list of the objects in obj .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert native nrt or default nrt into python sets .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  fetch   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating set to a directed graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  compute binary structure of a numpy array .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  this function will fetch the source redirect url for a given section_key .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a brocade cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  national the options .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use a ctypes .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  set   x

test:  return the partition of the partition dataset as a partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  gets a timeout object by name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the fragments coordinate representation of the given coordinate x .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms auxiliary .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  format   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   logs
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   bool
truth:  form   form

test:  converts the path to a file path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  converts   file
truth:  if   null

test:  clear a url .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests if port can be executed with a string to a python number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the total number of basic edges and an undirected graph g in deep graph g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  find   find

test:  give all repos in the user_answer .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  logs   assume
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  convert a elemwise .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  given   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  return a path relative to the user-specific page .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant for the tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   media
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue background request .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  new jobs should not cause a module name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a legend on a switched vocabulary .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  create   list
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active a url .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  render   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle to pickled objects and pickled pickled objects .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  handle   in
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  null   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a string for display .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  print   a
truth:  display   display

test:  set the cache key in seconds .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   success
truth:  update   update

test:  given a hypot .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  calculates   find
truth:  given   a

test:  given exception name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  create file for path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string of title into a group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore the spider url of a file using the spider image data .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  all transitive dependencies of the plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   s
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an exploration private ids to a list of exploration .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within a python snippet should run other than the listed in no snippet .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  gets the task and lengths for a particular task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp to the format string .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a list of reductions that we only runs the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  called   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cylindrical convex point for a process .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  write a simple python object to a file .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  write   a
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config ids .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  create   override
truth:  override   override

test:  convenience function to get a build server url for the given route name .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test using svn pulled from svn transactions .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  null   test
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple patterns between two patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are a set of dependent items and whose values are a set of dependent dependencies .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   sort
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  fetches the locate cache of the local sdk namespace cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  installed   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  ynm matrix (gpu from a complex matrix .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   wheel
truth:  sync   sync

test:  attempt to wrap the page .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  create   regex
truth:  view   helper

test:  calls {% microsite_css_overrides_file .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  forces   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test that the string value is the same as the parameter type and returns the type of a rubbish .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a new database connection with the specified name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   function
truth:  to   null

test:  strip brackets from expected and automatic in a expected line .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  asserts   test
truth:  to   utility

test:  if we are explicitly returns a list of strings .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  if   in
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation for a given situation .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  given a list of json file .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator to temporarily turn sensible function into callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly from the host or list of host_names .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot abort a build step that will generate the jenkins keivox screenshot in screenshot without a build step .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace html characters in text with a readable string .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support the output of l{picklestringi} into a entity_pb string .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  get the callable values for a given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches the python template name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   path
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove synchronization that exists .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  items[start 1-d windows .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test whether a list is redundant more than one .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  test   type
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize datetime object to json so that it can be embedded in <script> .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  given   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  restful crud scene .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  takes   show
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait until the specific function retrieves the specific function fails to be changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  this returns a javascript pipeline in the xmodule text .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  extract   urls
truth:  returns   a

test:  i have sent to the given message .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  email   email

test:  return the template tag for each template .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in file format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  cast a variable to the floatx floatx variable parameters variable : array-like returns writeme .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  null   auto
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager that ignores the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   set
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a new network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  if good colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  default   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  apev2 tag values for the given value .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  tag   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  when a document is saved .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the current plugin facts returns: dict: the generated facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  updates   multiple
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  run any of the records on a vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract test objective function .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  instantiate a groebner field and return a topic of the c{django_objects} methods .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   equivalent
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  given a region of order n .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the authentication header into a pair .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  returns the content corresponding to the user .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test the pdf when a regression is loaded .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  with a calendar in a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  to   number
truth:  persists   new

test:  returns a main loop for application .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  determine   a

test:  stratifiedvalidationshufflesplit the path passed into a file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieve a list of supported user ids .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the channels of documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  apply the parameters to the parameters .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the elements of arrays as a list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  used   copies
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a slug of tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  return   current
truth:  converts   a

test:  validates that f(x) .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   sys

test:  inverse function .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  function   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a pickle object from the compute file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  returns the currently plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  calls callback to callback when given option is actually a user .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a binary string in one of the binary string .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints the value .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  return   compatibility
truth:  print   print

test:  the html of a openid party based on the browser .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  access   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the device name for a given image .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count sequence in a set of sequences .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render {% hook_output insert_editor_css %} .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  template   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a helper function to convert the stdlib string to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects list of active tutorial .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  modified   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  resovles for zen mode .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  a identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  null   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve the function to be called in vhds .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolves   return
truth:  resolve   a

test:  taskstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of paths relative to vim .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  iterate   use
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in and out of images .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to a custom area in memory unlock ; .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  sets   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate 304 since clauses .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  wrapper around cinder .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   unit
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the given value into a cgroup lookup .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   content
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  iterate through conjunctive names from a list of segmentations .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  iterate   list
truth:  parses   parses

test:  tests that the input value of unsupported valueerror .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  add label session to label .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  deprecated   replace
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieve a list of attributes for the given section in the section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  retrieve   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  loads the directory to the directory and set the user directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reload down the configuration files along with changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  apply gradient with the given function .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  sorting   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an existing user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that theano working with the same value is not first_region .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given the directory data structure return a list of the package data in the package and its subpackages :type package: str .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the location from the local provider data .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a buffer suitable for a buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run a linear stats on a specific disk .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  run   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  read in the syntax document .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the path .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  executes   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  look   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  watch a given question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watch   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  adds any module database to the dsk2 database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  turn   max
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read multipart parts parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  wait   data
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   checks
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call hold function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decide which all tokens and returns ids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  set   set

test:  used by contributors and set the user in contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  used   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests access from admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  format a date string and returns a datetime object the form string of information given in it .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate nodes in a set of nodes connected to expected cost cost function for o .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can extract undefined result of steps within step .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenario

test:  adds a collection name to a collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  adds   statechangereason
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert a nested version string to tuples .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert substring .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   integer

test:  returns the return the exponential of a gaussian distribution .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  null   null

test:  most a session to the views of a attempting for a given user .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a list of hex ips into hex string .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run the command and returns a string from a command whose stdout/stderr points .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a port on the system .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a project name .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   notify
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  configure the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  is   config
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation for cylindrical multipler coordinates .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   question
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a list of .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a file containing the latest information about a file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  write   null
truth:  update   head

test:  get sass sass path to 3 sass directories for sorted destination .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  get   home
truth:  list   list

test:  parse the extending file into .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   lines
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a default page path for given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  module function to ensure secret key is only supported with salt minion secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  port   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  yields otu seqs .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic installation and has links to edit them .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a path to all thumbnails files in the following order: * the source files .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module given its string or dotted name and return the same name or dotted path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed image : the path to the root directory of an offline windows image .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  return list of images prior to passed with the given image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  given a cinderblockdeviceapi .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given refresh cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   list
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a kelvin .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  this function will return the corresponding coupon request .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  function   method
truth:  obtains   null

test:  split the signature should not be used in plain format .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  split   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage information about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the file server environments .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  parameter_list   parameter_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy matrix to a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a clonespec representation of a disk .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  coil   null
truth:  null   bottom

test:  replace all stored modified key values to be represented by an compatibility key .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create the gradient of a matrix p .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the specified module keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture which ensures a helper for tests that can be used to provide asynchronous 0 .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  return the first selector of the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  query   a

test:  returns a volume info .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that the given elemwise elemwise we also compare our lines .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download data and client for a url rotation by using various clients .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  download   uses
truth:  is   null

test:  finds the photo for the given filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a string to the interpreted element .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  to   mark
truth:  create   lhs

test:  merge / output file into multiple samples .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  merge   mean
truth:  function   function

test:  list all metadata for a given formats .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  null   operation
truth:  get   get

test:  normalized average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  flow   flow

test:  given a list of filenames .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  lists   find
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_list   parameter_type_list
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  create a context with a context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  an iterator that is not equal .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  split a collection of instance into a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get networks and gigabytes used for network .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to see if the given url is a link to the auth .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of lists of all items in the given list .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup 'switch' component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   ecobee
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test epochs function .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   methods

test:  json['definitions'][ documents -- returns note on soundcloud search for soundcloud .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  estimate rankvals mask for the input matrix .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   median
truth:  tie   correction

test:  if a scan value is running under scan for a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   status

test:  update the specified session .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  object   null
truth:  input   input

test:  convert a path to a canonical absolute path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create a new tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the common neighbors of two nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call number of default visitor .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create the glob certificate of the given regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  do a able to test cases for the given tree .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  do   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare difference of a and b .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active plugin as a plugin with the following name .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  calculates the system state to add a quota project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  calculates   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given a dictionary of callable ids and a dict .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  draw a circular layout layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  run   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the contents of an blobs group with its groups in group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  adds   checks
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the sending of the given snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  make node lines for serving an est or a node .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   edge
truth:  sample   sample

test:  adds initial version number into the database .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the output of modules into the given saml specification .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  construct the items of an image g .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the priority of the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the first function used by cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test tight_layout and c{options} image .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  figure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get subscription subscriptions for given user or raise if it does not exist .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  simply creates a more information .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  apply   keyword
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return a list of index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  return   index
truth:  null   null

test:  update a mysql password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that the list of known indices is supported .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  verifies   axis
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all the kernel modules which are not been downloaded by the snapshot cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  dummy view that returns an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  prints   file
truth:  view   view

test:  make a key type from an *rmax* database .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  take cli portion of tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  null   null

test:  gets true if the current cpu flags are available on this machine .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  if   check

test:  creates average targets for two probability sequence .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  computes   python
truth:  weighted   null

test:  mdadm provides systemd binary for linux .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns the start module if it is in the start of the given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  attempt to guess a document .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items stored in the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  add an xml element to the xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks if a rule exists in the csf list is actually reload drive compressed .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  returns   adjust
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the song .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json object of stream as json .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform the exception but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  converts   exception
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch --> *x* .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   decorator
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a list of actors for a particular dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the current http client .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates and truncate the hash file according to the attachment directory .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   directory
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get the reverse input for the user .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  indices   inverse
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection of collections that are a collection of metadata .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get the number of multipolar ratio by tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy classification loss for a directed score .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  normalized   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate that the configuration value is a valid configuration .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the function name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  get   calling
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert row needed for country non-breaking .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  search   table
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates an synth:<params> blob with the updated name .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return the current mode mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   open
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse the content from a response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   data
truth:  given   a

test:  create a validator for converting enzyme into a block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role given a string .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return the line in a list of :class:path objects .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an difference string representing the given attributes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a normalized representation of a icrs<->gcrs object .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  calculates   find
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions tokenize correctly .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  calculate a grid according to a grid grid on an axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  null   a

test:  convert urls into {}save mode .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   virtual
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get an action .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if file is an http .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   framework

test:  append the getsigner to the testsuite .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  append   custom
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns a new observer object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  returns   configure
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the value of the files in the target list .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of a server cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  retrieve all the number of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a number of data .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the feature-based bezier bezier bezier destination .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  do   /dev
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the currently logged-in has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  migrate the old engine .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  migrate   run
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote the string so that it can be quoted by spaces .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a application from the specified url .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  the response from an error endpoint returns the appropriate command containing the given command line information .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  resolves   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a pandas transformation or text to a dataframe parameters table : array-like object whose gradients : bool is a pandas dataframe called in a pandas dataframe or bool is
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  compute   call
truth:  function   function

test:  raise a test applied to an attribute with a built-in applied for c{ .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  go   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user authentication library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   style

test:  takes a product instance and returns the domain name for the request .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  in the user to support a module with the name of the forum library .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a multivariate polynomial of the given domain .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  leading   in
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  covert custom registration info from provider / moves .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the next matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all stringified black dict dict with docker ids .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock target .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for a given file in a directory where a given filename is a dictionary .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release has an release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test checking for distortion .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  end   use
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create the given folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate slice empirical process for the estimate of a linear region this is just a : ndarray parameters nobs_all : array_like the number of observations along the null hypothesis hypothesis
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   axis
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  validate a single resource type for a given resource .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the sum sum is greater than inside the corresponding angle string .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  make the results of selected times .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  start   host
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call back a key for all categories of dst .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  call   output
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  does   show
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return the n-th norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  yields an iterator over a file located into a relative url .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  extract   split
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attaches   event
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users that returns the cache user .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the base links for a base url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a string containing a boolean name of the form table__0__key .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call the lamps .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  should be a string if the form that has a particular entry .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes a value for the last last exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  format   str
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary file .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a message using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  the average mean of data .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to return true for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the specified reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  install   a
truth:  start   start

test:  return the node with default values .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a number or object to an enum .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path dictionary .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  null   return
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  logging   logger
truth:  sets   up

test:  group group positions - used by staff - used for projects .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  default whitespace to a single space .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  align   sequences
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  calculates the standard factorial of n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  list the installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb model type into the db definition .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name from a database name into a single pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the position of an integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is it a caching attribute lookup by the break-point of a given tool name .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  is   find
truth:  if   null

test:  yes/no 303 irbuilder .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  enforce   dhcp
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is given .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   html
truth:  performs   a

test:  return a mock template name from a string .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the components of the same paths where the key and index are the other sites numbers .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  sets   pandas
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the current xml setting cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  show   show

test:  make sure the directory exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  make   check
truth:  if   check

test:  make a release release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  make   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  given blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value that can be used to physically cli example: .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given service tag is found .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  get a user and kwargs .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  creates   classes

test:  use sortcap to decorator .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial cases in gcd algorithm .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   return
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm configuration via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  go   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all filters .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a vector according to the given operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  vectorized   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create an submission instance .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  s   -
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find an core volume_type for the criteria .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  do a multiple patches into a string with the correct subset of closure .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  do   matrices
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a module is not equal to the specified module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the app that a yaml remote server from an sin**2 .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator for benchmarks with the same name from the function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a physical output or none object .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the wsgi from a static url .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  build   deserialize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deterministic the arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  make   null
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a namespace dict .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  win32 win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all of the plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  provide   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective discussion xblock metadata if it is cached and visible to the user .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a hash .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  downloads an object with reference .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  print   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a list of echo hierarchy into an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   str
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add host to maxshield .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  file   checking
truth:  function   function

test:  convers a dictionary of target using the given target and returns the target list given .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  register   target

test:  return a single system copy of two sequences .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for the rest_sample service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import selected events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  plot   connection
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for the container .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the accessible size of a collection of the input size .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  get   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  clear inheritance on a given object args: path: the path to the object returns: true if object is using an object .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  convenience function for de-serialize a decomposed list of parameter instances .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside the resulting feature .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  build a docinfo structure for the app .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  build   a
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  generate source containing source files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  walk   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  dummy implementation of callable for various tests .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  test   test

test:  start the cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the system email to the users email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple index definitions documents from a string or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot rate correctly handles a fixed rate function .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  did the application to allow you to validate an oauth request data .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the buckets buckets for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply a string with at least one element that has a value .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   triangle
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload upload url to a file .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   get
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the wrapped function on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns an attributes of values to pass in the format of *n* .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  is_missing   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   return
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a new expression matches the boolean expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  check   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the number of true if x is the cdf .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  returns   returns

test:  selfridge lucas compositeness test of selfridge parameters n : bool .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  this indicates whether the desktop app is running in the current desktop environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  format the tuples: parameters .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the set of accounted says for the 3d surface .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require authentication .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the name for the systems root for the systems .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  parse the echo and return it as far up to .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  url   url

test:  checks if the bokeh command execution is a k-corona command .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of view where the user has all rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  aux function .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  function   time
truth:  update   update

test:  view decorator that tests the use of user tries to play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the list of json dataset in a dict and simplify .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db and directory are marked as pytest after format after format conversion .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the output of a gpio instance .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the regular expression object from code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  get   source
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect invalid characters using invalid operator .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a pull urls for a url and a dict with the conditions .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the file is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment can be intersecting inside x intersections .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify sphinx .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns ssh key for updated certbot .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  search   list
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  timeout the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   start
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of keywords that belong to the pattern .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the relationship is blocked .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a dictionary of existing device names into the form one .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  looks   attempt
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file and return the handle contents .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator to ensure that we dont change the values of a function .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the gwmt distance from a anova using the given word .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert a value from hex value into an appropriate type .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  to   null

test:  replace all lines in the given case of s with upper case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   fixes
truth:  null   locale

test:  list the items in the database .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  filter out which a subset of a item has been set .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  filter   convert
truth:  if   check

test:  get loop without length .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  loop   line
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   one

test:  parse this function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  checks whether the string is a valid web number .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  parses the input string as a log tuple .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current executable in the bokeh environment .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  strip the argument passed to the argument list .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  strip   return
truth:  check   check

test:  for actions that attach to response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  null   request
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip results file .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a file or a file name from a file .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of a sound stocenv: stocenv: .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  return a simple "magic object .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a tuple for a given absolute tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge multiple dictionaries with base data into the base dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  this is intended to install the programs .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  is   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  delete all of the given thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  move   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the contents of a string .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes this image to a list of png file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph is connected to the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary descendents of distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  computes   binary

test:  convert a vector into two osr values .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   find
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for the crypto isnt raised .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   function
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a zero indexed row and numeric indexed to a string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function for the git command .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  run   path
truth:  resets   null

test:  using dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  using   power
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a wsgi application .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  builds   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the relevant field names and returns a list of relevant data .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  finds   a

test:  parse a string containing the moment of a particular data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the specified number information for a given carrier .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  import string in a 1d .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm device .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud field which should be used to access to settings for the record .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  null   current
truth:  configure   configure

test:  retrieves the current desktop setting cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  return   return

test:  use openssl 32-bit individuals to convert in-place to the input individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  use   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a list of certificates in the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse domain for the given image .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  checks that an interactive examine is available .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element using :class: .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   bool
truth:  stop   stop

test:  reports that the user configuration provides a question definition .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  performs   start
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to a binary image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  color   color

test:  count the value of the current ajax requests later .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  value   value
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   service

test:  given a user can change the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the year text .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  build   build

test:  test either if high-dimensional is not a geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  authenticate the api operation .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  query   app
truth:  null   api

test:  parses the given token in a string and tokenize the same character as argument .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  use   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  softmax of theano tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns union of "camera" and b .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  returns   quote
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a function that just returns the first node of the given first .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the number of two appends the synsets .
truth: two branches . 
test:  default   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file to a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  creates an object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  return   method

test:  return a row of an array after x is true .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the source directory .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  parses   a

test:  an collections is a valid year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   add
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python manifest that can be a package in the package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  recomputes   a
truth:  update   update

test:  format the value for displaying a value .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  format   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files cached on the master .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  version of :func:os .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   version
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  object   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   test

test:  start general associated with the given connection path .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window is in today .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test rectangular tv .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates the graph graph of an clique graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  define a new function that wraps f and returns the resulting exception of the resulting exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  define   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  nth nth integer n times of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  sample   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts unicode objects to the standard bytes .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  unicode   encode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the contents of a file named filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  recursively replace dotted fields by zipimport .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a list of lists from options in the return extracted from options .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  installs interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  null   variables
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert the number of raise an int from the supplied int into internal form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   mac

test:  channels asserts asserts whether or not .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  were   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read an mri specification to get a surface from a surface of data params .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  read   receiver
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  find sure that a mine fails .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  returns the ground part of a matplotlib distance between two locationglobal objects .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete elasticsearch config .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given a numpy array of distances .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages into a single package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  string that runs the find_current_module in the __prepare__ .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  compute   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modify an torrent to the torrent path .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  replace   notify
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  returns a string that produces the same length as per cpu by maxbinsize .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  string   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask user to their default values for a given question value .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   prompt
truth:  based   null

test:  list univariate polynomials factorization factorization .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the directory from n to n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  compute   url
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the ocean relationships of the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   runs
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an cassandra device modes :return: a tuple of whether or off cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  get   get

test:  install an asyncio-based mainloop to be run using twisted mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes pem pem string and returns the pem table .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets metric by name from list of dictionaries .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  change   change

test:  runs a command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  run   +

test:  count count of sequences in a number of [e pairs .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  count   checks
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a content based on the clients defined in the response .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the url as a string .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  return   google
truth:  given   null

test:  convenience function to write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  dump   function
truth:  log   log

test:  computes polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  prints out a list of strings .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  prints   uses
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a human-readable string in iso 8601 notation .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  given   a

test:  test for running tests .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  and another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute greatest values of leading and g with leading prs .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the full string of a list of characters .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  produce   encode
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  edge   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to shown an xml element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates a list of formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  build   a

test:  insert the pipeline into the pipeline tasks .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   load
truth:  if   null

test:  find tag from node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  configures a line of line tuples .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects to the given url with the given response code .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirects

test:  get a setup name for a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  get   a
truth:  install   a

test:  given an object and a string representation .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  returns the key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current contents of the cluster .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  dont have to do anything .
truth: just return . 
test:  null   change
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a ticket to the specified domain domain domain cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return current recaptcha field for recaptcha .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  submits   a

test:  parses input value as they are ascii .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  forces   simpledecoder
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert html contents into the given document in the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   up
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level members defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that overrides the user used for the project used within .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the linux currents platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  simple wrapper around no conversion .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input and port on input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a variable with background times .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  running   background

test:  get a sorted security request to which the specified instance is running .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns a list of nodes having a directed graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the latest manifest for the project .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  take   null

test:  logger for marginal metric .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a course_key return a dict to a particular course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the absolute outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  joins   normalize
truth:  bounce   a

test:  returns the prefix for the prefix and populates the template context with a variable containing that value with the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   formats
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  run raw bootstrap on linux systems .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  works   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a document for render_injected .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  open   a

test:  parse a host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  given an allauth or fields .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  get a certificate from a given certificate ast .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  get   return
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if the current transaction exists in a database .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a graph g .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   number
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  decode   tuple
truth:  to   method

test:  if the app engine exists .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the text of x with x projects .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  return   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield reader for the given reader .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  null   way

test:  return a tuple of submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on error .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test unless a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  compute the string to dx using wanting .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating the specifying device files .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  helper method to create a file with the specified path .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver driver driver function to register all the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of all none if fs_spec is a tensor or equal to a tensor with each element in the tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  find paths in the path .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves a reserved from a given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  retrieves   show
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point is inside the loops zone points .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  convert un-pickled to the appropriate class name for mysql penalty .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict to be used for a read dict .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   show
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current desktop setting cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  create a unique suffix of a storage suffix .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   return

test:  an threshold handler that calculate the return values from a numpy handler .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  given   command
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper lower lower case for a given template page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates the subgraph components of the graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the specified kernel modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  moves changes from the database .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clone   one
truth:  clones   a

test:  read a new session file to be created this minion cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  read   equivalent
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the softmax keys of the given floating point .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if data is a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a keywords to check if any of the keywords has been regexp .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   return
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  test if an ip address is not to connect to a list of pdf devices .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  link   implements
truth:  to   connect

test:  print the list of what files for each word in the predicted .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  print   output
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs a staff email for each course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  return   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  convert object in 1-hot notation to equivalent .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  object   bootstrap
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error of parameters .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  take a local account content from the image .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  sending   metadata
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if expression is a class and if the use of this function .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  signal handler for preserves login to the given credentials .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  load   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  return the dominating edge matching the graph g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  return true if the given text is a text in type_str .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the next principal for each swig_library matrix in a csr matrix .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove pair of whitespace characters from a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if this user is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts the version string to a relative version .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reference(s): a user and their states for a particular tokens .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  measures   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report function .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  take a backreturn polynomial of f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  converts a source .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  clean   urls
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool on a bigip device and delete a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper to create a user profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns list of fasta scores specified by fasta filepath parameters fasta : {block .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  color   list
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check the value of the amp header with the given http/2 header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  check   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a string to the tree of the current value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  save   set
truth:  updates   a

test:  converts cell columns to longest series .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  format   inverse
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a bson line to a line3dcollection class .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the priority of a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  base   pull
truth:  convert   a

test:  custom sequences of preserved in the range look woefully indicates that we can stop *pyval* .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double double double double double double _ .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  given a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  extract variables from conda environment (which this code exists .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  locate   shorthand
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the / werkzeug virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save a resource id .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  object   return
truth:  sets   status

test:  given a requirements requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  gets   profiling
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new metric metric visits and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   execution
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   null
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper for creating a httperror response .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  builder the config['settings']skip to the settings .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  submit   websocket
truth:  executes   null

test:  a function that reads the contents of a package in the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  function   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs hug correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load label -- return a dataset .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string and return a queryset .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  configures the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download the job for a job .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   reset
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to add a new task into the given task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements into parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   powers
truth:  join   join

test:  convert a domain instance to the current time in .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a message for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check the named ip of an existing vm or not .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   a
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes the local maximum connectivity for nodes of nodes and funcif .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finalize a shapely connection to the given api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  establish   send
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict of all trees t .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a b0 block with python identifier .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return the current user object and history auth info of 3 members .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  module   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a list of version owned by n cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   statistics
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the tuple of tuples in number of errors .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean boolean boolean boolean boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the prune local output file .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a experiment user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  instantiates a vector shared variable of the given shape and dtype as shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a system at_time the system at_time the system will be reboot before the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  json handler for marketable admins .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full installation box for the project .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the draft draft to the public draft objects .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the node is a node or false .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add linear holes .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  equivalent of n of indices p via a equivalent equivalent .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential correlation of two 8 .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  return the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm parameter : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get the maximum of the current container pathspec cli example: .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a imp union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  uses review api range id and return review request id .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sort python files under cyclic identifier .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find closest matches the system matches the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   module
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  remove any data from a request .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   default
truth:  context   context

test:  same as folder folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  if   check

test:  quote spatial arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator factory function calls a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run a single site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  run   a

test:  test that hugs auth auth can access present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   details
truth:  test   test

test:  set event from a test user .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  translated   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to get an field of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the 1900 date for the specified xblock arguments: auth_token : the value of the xblock to access to .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of sample space evenly the sample space .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a config from datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  coil   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  compute the nth statistic norm of a term in a cdf of the external get_distros() 0 .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a check that help file extension is sorted by the unix file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades a full system upgrade refresh whether or not to refresh the changes: database before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans database .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to format sequence in base units that need to be written to the soft length of the first one token in dict .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns commit information for the repository hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the edge ipbasenum: vector for the given list of circular matrices .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  computes   plot
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a model instance for the passed user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  applies a sequence of the normal distribution .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  calculate   downloads
truth:  generates   a

test:  filter students who have already students they would update their status .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  filter   list
truth:  list   list

test:  serialize obj to the proper obj for its proper sql code .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   url
truth:  obj   obj

test:  this function returns a string of the pack characters for a given string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or none .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  extract   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns the cursor position for a remote row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   definition
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the blob from the back and provides the members of a blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates exponential statistic .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and change discussions for a get_current_user() .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   functions
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if riak riak cluster is allowed .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  yield an iterator that consider multiple parts in text .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  confine a delimiter readline .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  splits   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  returns the checksum of a given version and a version provided .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for issue validation .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure the text is initialized correctly .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  make   authentication
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object from the input string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  landing   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  move a vector to theano matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  make   a

test:  show environment to use for a given event channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a sympy need to be a node .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  email   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist and all directories in path .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient css from the filters .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  create   a

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  do a django client .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  if   current

test:  the config to be not in stdin mode .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   inverse

test:  get the username details .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  coordinates is count of number sequences .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a axis label .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   human
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a value to the default value for a given value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  format a list of indices .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  format   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  hash string into a string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  string   sequence
truth:  using   encoder

test:  helper to make a config .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   return
truth:  give   a

test:  get the locale for the specified locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance and create a special volume .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  return the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up to specific position for all or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute tuple of matrices of matrices .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  return   bottom

test:  flv to insert a aggregation stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  serialize   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  show the collection of the collection server .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the named user for specific post name the user to allow post the name of the user to modify cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  if   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  url   search
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively traverse the given deque entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a template display name for the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing key exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  return a list of registered items in objs .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  return   list
truth:  select   null

test:  extract lecun and download labels using the dataset .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  extract   load
truth:  load   load

test:  estimate a connected graph using connected components of the undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  vote the vote in a thread .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  save   sleep
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an http web server in the context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   start
truth:  runs   runs

test:  checks if an ipv4 address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the concat data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the directory path for a template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the distance between two strings this function is a list of izip .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list all available cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if version is installed and falls if this is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle individual de n from the current order of the following order settings .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  model   standard
truth:  mutate   null

test:  the main functions can group .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   script

test:  see if a worksheet is actually a registered comment .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  build a module .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  count   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the kind format can be loaded on an array .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  alignment is used to calculate the online_last_minutes casting .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   logs
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users page .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  generate dummy variables from label to course stcs .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests whether a string is a valid pattern .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  utility to write a .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  to   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  shows all objects source code .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  shows   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of scalars of the independent distribution .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  compute how many types for scrub .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  add   add

test:  assign s3 records to a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to convert given playlist to an existing playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  return a certificate of extension extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  return   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  install a message with a job this decorator is useful to catch an existing job that will call with the given id and is immediately with a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from sequence wile .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   values
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a given password with the provided ldap password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decorator for adding the numba method caching .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  build an image with an expected hostname .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  build   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return the text by shifting the characters of msg to the left by the amount given by key .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  return   return
truth:  shift   shift

test:  convert volume specific endpoint to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  convert   workers
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the current host .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  this creates an offline stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  run   null
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy the specified docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return next eye into alpha flags: files .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  insert   identity

test:  start and setup the given folder .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  start   os
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given inbox .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a main entry from the application context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  track   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  null   samples
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : sequence | enum_item | enum_item | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  release   args
truth:  null   null

test:  make the first search function files .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return information about the device .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  port   checks
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert size-string to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create data from a grid file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecation __eq__ function .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header if charset is present in the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   resources
truth:  add   character

test:  tests that the user is created .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  handles   msg
truth:  called   null

test:  create a class decorator to be performed under a class decorator .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  build   send
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of the vocabulary to use this method will try to display this project .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  shows information about a successful object as object .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  consume non-default environment from tox .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  command   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns syntax to the document .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  is   no
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  get   a

test:  build a network option of a tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the loadbalancer from a matrix representation .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns text .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   current

test:  if the mapnode passed into a numpy column was never results for cinder .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue valid avoiding .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the derivative to the exponential pair of the model .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  simulates   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  create missing app .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   return
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the extension file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  is the server a specified version if the server is not currently installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  is   fix
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for issue 3358 where tnull are properly particularly in intelligently .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  simple function to fix text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  do   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return information about all the hosts on the system .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  to edit form for static file form .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a sorted list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  check   check

test:  return the first line of the given line from a split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   return
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return art with albums fields summary page .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  return the standard deviation of an array as a chunk of examples .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   reduction

test:  pulls the incoming message in router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  installs   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits of the input limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  recursively sort keys in a dictionary .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the backing device with the provided hardware device .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a session object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor polynomials by cyclotomic .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all instances in the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  check if a user is authenticate and is an authenticate with the current user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the time value of a time function and returns the appropriate time in seconds .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  same as a b = b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  change   change

test:  ensure that the attendance command is fully fully fully fully fully changes .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   a

test:  display a list of visible view .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  gets   uses
truth:  returns   a

test:  is the ip address a given ip address a certain ip address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the elemwise elemwise inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of local local user for a given list of available if available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct dict for the application .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a given string is valid .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   validate

test:  effectively the init loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  rewrite   implements
truth:  returns   new

test:  get length response based on the error logic .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  checks to see if the specified python implementation is not available .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sha1 chunks of a matrix .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the date (q) for the given day .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  laplace laplace of an edge should be a masked line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   laplace

test:  helper for spans a ignores []] + int_ .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   formats
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  default retrlines callback for remote messages .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  null   order
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the list of lexers .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  denied   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system device by opening and .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  get   event
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image using the known image .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  converts a 32 bit integer for an integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set up bash in a detrending table .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  set   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with gaussian distribution .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  null   information

test:  creates a confirmation object for the event prompt for each event prompt .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  creates   everything
truth:  if   null

test:  return the hex digit method .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  load all .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  sync   shows
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for errors actually ignores objects .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  check if an ioerrors connection is known .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  if   windows
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate a function in pushes document .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up streams .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the prefix for use in various signatures: .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a proxy *host* url for the given app .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return bookmark name of the system with bookmark and text .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert the given tab string to binary string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  makes the user metadata code and put this is parsed via the tidy_content api .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  makes   execution
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  raises   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the given formset to be used for a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  a simple tasks that returns a plus error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  read ids ids of a file .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted value and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a collection of two independent samples that are shared otu_map1 .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  prefix   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  if catching python related info are not passed in .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns a set of idle widgets names .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  generates   widgets
truth:  add   a

test:  inject an html document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert from hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  convert   disk
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new tdes key cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a remote method that does not cast with no topic .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of the rpm proxy device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  select a function from a docker packet value .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  select   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a helper function .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the value from an ftp or password classified classified classified .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the hsv tuple on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   rgb
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  return an instance of value within the 5x5 device .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  checks a list of list_id paths and debug listing .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the maximum likelihood criterion for each non-negative criterion .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  provide   load
truth:  make   null

test:  dump the ignored from the /etc/hosts or sets the environment variables .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  dump   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb file in the given pdb list as one .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if value is a valid variable .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  process all ignored files in a file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which are calculated by a file .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  checking   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs logger for logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  runs   implementation
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array with the specified position .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a helpers property return a header property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  save a job to use with the given criteria .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  save   a
truth:  store   store

test:  retrieve the last skype message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  retrieve   like
truth:  sending   sending

test:  given a directory that we should look for ft in the given glob directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reuse all caches related to a task and remove any data .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  is   changes
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  returns the contents of a byte string as a unicode string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the current primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dataa normal normal pdf evaluated at x .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a batch by entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  register a directory? .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   acl
truth:  register   register

test:  test for "lazy" .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   script

test:  check the data for a given data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  obtained   exception
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the vertical pyfunction record as first .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  infer   infer

test:  return a file name of current working directory .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   close
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the multiple default n-differences .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  check that the given email using big-endian .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  check   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  get all info description .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   test

test:  degree should work with a process .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  to   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  parse a filenames of type to an json-compatible dict .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  throws : const_value | name | pure | expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | prec .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build a client for redis tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  runs   a

test:  generates the subgraph connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove a process id or a process of pid art : a tuple of pids .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  accept   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for a given list of versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that rsa is in reverse order .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  creates   register
truth:  null   method

test:  get signal hook from a signal structure .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port on a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  used to combine two statuses for the given environment .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  go   checks
truth:  restores   null

test:  regression test for a few crlf method .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  verifies   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save a registry into the registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  step step to match the coord sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  step   add
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : union .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the mail from jinja2 .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  get   render
truth:  print   a

test:  return a c_cudadeviceprop that can be used to nearest cone values .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration and idle events to work in a environment .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is a considered as an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  id the database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  landing   message
truth:  null   background

test:  return html tables .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack paths .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   python

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   runs
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate generate he generate he .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  displays a single certificate .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  displays   attempt
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   list
truth:  disable   state

test:  unpack the given parameters for the given parameters returns the appropriate parameters of the appropriate host for the genericipaddressfield preference .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  runs a command on the specified service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  create   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a tuple of constraints to see np .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  find a linker console session using the parent directory .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  is   a
truth:  print   category

test:  test that encoder .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the actual file path of a fileupload object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all objects .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of strings; returns a generator for two texts .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service note: this is similar to start on the host cli example: .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager for running when local file end end .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  context   code
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  given path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a origin .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the marathon app is present on the computenode .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience function for quickly a given filepath .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  function   find
truth:  is   null

test:  get the evaluated key to use .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   show
truth:  get   get

test:  run a command and return a user .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  run   shortcut
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the db key for this shuup .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   redis
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested set of objects and delete a gross key .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   a
truth:  access   access

test:  this should be used only from main thread .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return a dict of valid key symbol is a valid key .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  function   virtual
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given bytes object bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  bytes   str
truth:  takes   anything

test:  given a path .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  import   tag
truth:  splits   image

test:  get a password digest and password for dataset using pkcs#1 algorithm .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all compute ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  dry helper function for making a select with the intended intended to pass the requested response .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for each time a file .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value of the key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene entries in show .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  given   a

test:  either for decoding and code .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   add
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return an series/index in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the used to client lun based on the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform strange strings to the standard pip .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  code   null
truth:  to   try

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  verifies   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a qcolor into a array-like rgb list .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   color
truth:  return   a

test:  test 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest b .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string containing the contents of a counter .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  instantiates the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   whitespace
truth:  resize   images

test:  returns a formatted time formatted according to the given utc .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  returns   gaussian
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks the locked note that the given exception is using edited note that edited .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a specific test providers path .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the app is installed .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   assume
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  divide   null

test:  converts an event by a inline event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  handles   send
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  decodes a binary string into a binary packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   implements
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends a call to the testing method .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   execution
truth:  sends   a

test:  render a views .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a finite random variable with a poisson distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  refresh the rabbitmqctl of line pixel to spherical sanity check .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  append   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that yields the running pipeline object .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  check if benchmark is benchmark for the specified benchmark or observations .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   method

test:  check if method is installed by or equal to the known version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  if   null

test:  get current axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  get   list
truth:  null   method

test:  generic function to calculate an options from the options[option] option .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  run for changing that require that the changing extensions .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  catch   implementation
truth:  runs   runs

test:  generate source file name for use in a creation_sequence .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  stack   add
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of files under the absolute paths of path directories which is in the list of files under the absolute paths of files returned .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an 'oracle' query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  expands   get
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a gradient of the gradient and constant terms for datastore in terms of spaces .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 component the path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  store a file into a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  embed   version
truth:  archive   archive

test:  equivalent to $bindir .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the length of the given unit by the locale .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a list of tuples that had had the corresponding outer test .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  given   null

test:  get logger id from webassets .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  get   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the given maximal matching the provider in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * useful to random web application firewalls when
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  run the default wsgi application .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  run   application
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert the given decimal decimal to a utc decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  the median of variation .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  null   test
truth:  runs   runs

test:  insert an infinite point of a points into the tree of the points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   actions
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize the normalization arguments .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert string to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  implement the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  align   normalize
truth:  store   store

test:  remove a network model and set it the given network based on the given model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  train   a

test:  replace the data .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  parameters data : array_like filepath and removes all valid data to its final location .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  backup   in
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion uid has been reached .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  send   grain
truth:  null   grain

test:  checks that paths of paths can be an array .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a contextmanager that yields a file and writes the result to an existing user .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets a sqlalchemy key from the in-place parameters .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  verify   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  default   status
truth:  null   null

test:  test that paired indices can be written to paired indices .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  get a bytearray function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  apply a list of readable indices into particular python objects .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  like   parse
truth:  named   find

test:  validate that a message signature can be logged .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  validate   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  draws a entities and stores in to time without the user objects .
truth: update request . 
test:  shows   user
truth:  request   request

test:  display the current user .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  computes   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a query config item .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  transforms the current matrix to a list of non-zero indices .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  permutes   null

test:  produce a special cookies from a .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   merge
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the checksum to a 4d file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  try to add to module plots which will end with colormaps .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  redirect wrapper .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  expand   update
truth:  update   update

test:  raise skiptest if the given config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts string into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  after the user has passed .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  are we being asked to look up a string of the iterable which is the widget .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  check if a given snapshot filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   none
truth:  null   window

test:  return the number of scalars in the file f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   str
truth:  float   float

test:  return a string of the data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered url .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   information

test:  check that the form of dec icrs<->gcrs works correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  some numbers activation function .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines the above able to provide some account flag .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  get a current axes of the current axes or axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  show   null
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  deletes the path hierarchy of a file or directory .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template with the django admin key as rendered by the django key to call its a file with a django {% url or .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  rendered   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  check if gamma for gamma see comments .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  when a directory .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return an expression longer than one of the cache .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  config   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return preferred arguments for the given arguments .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  code for application .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  uses   directories
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the css data passed in data matches imports or false .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  return   return

test:  study messages of fund messages .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test with ascii names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  reading   table
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network algorithm of a network node .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert binary representation to an ip number .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   unpack
truth:  convert   convert

test:  like asserting .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the leftmost value exactly equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   lines
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove duplicate elements that are used to remove discussion in an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  is   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the given cache directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  return   return

test:  apply noise facts to their facts dict .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   cleanup
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize a default audio buffer for the given process .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  connect to connections in connections .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  to   null
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for a specific module type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of all enabled services .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new index of the closed category .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  computes the old disjoint points .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new key from the database dict with keys of d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   target
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get vector3 by prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the entity for a given property value .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  null   method

test:  test that setting up the expected implementation of a softmax .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  regression test for bug schema; against all of the points in frozen .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define boolean indicating whether the package is available in the grain .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return dataframe code to categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the url for a particular revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a single string of the method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a version is an iterating or none .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the primary hash of a given hash algorithm .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  return a traditional limitinf if the nonlinear memory is up to the install python 3 .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  show   generate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  back-end method to select an instance @return: the topological people .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for allowing involving in milliseconds .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the value of the given value to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compute   value1
truth:  value   value

test:  a logic for email .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  null   send
truth:  email   email

test:  ensures that the generated dataset .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  changes   jinja2
truth:  null   null

test:  only allow anonymous object with the key settings .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  replace   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of tags to a choice object .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  register an supported excel excel only missing config file .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   configuration
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  a convenience function that ignores a cerr .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send a notification request to the client .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   notifications

test:  create a actually certificate endpoints from an absolute os x .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  cmd the state of the state when been changed .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  selects   method
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a gcode directory .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  build   a

test:  process a local connections for the given port using the given port .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature for the given auth auth .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this will return the "harvest" executable the sites event loop to be available .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  null   call
truth:  block   block

test:  get next rotation loop and 2 points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   histogram
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  extract the node that are owned nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  list   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return true iff the specified path dialog .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  find and returns whether or not an best page was made by a request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in host using this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  host   put
truth:  remove   remove

test:  attempts to unpickle target key for an encoded value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  xor   crypto
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  register   arguments
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   sequence

test:  generate directory tree <rdf:li .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  walk   generator
truth:  return   a

test:  detect zabbix characters by removing spaces characters .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  list the path; output .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the date and time formatted for a datetime .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  return   date
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fatal cursor for a given base name .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file with selectors commands .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the input variables along a sphere on the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   compare
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a list of user_partitions partition information for the given user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factory for reading value from a environments .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an 1st order linear order linear differential equation with 1st coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   compute
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  retrieve kernel/ramdisk to disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  retrieve   object
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the version of the page to get a new cache version .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  searches for an album for each musicbrainz candidates .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  getting   attempt
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether an int is part of a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove a path from the logging .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  configure the raw egg .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  rules   details
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience function to return a new path .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  function   a
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  the python module execution are valid .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a file from destination to the destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  file   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  build the variable segmentation so that it is used to ptr'] policies .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  build   check
truth:  update   update

test:  checks to see if the apt cache is installed .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  check if user can staff or staff .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes a list of media fields and an array with it .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  defined that the user is logged in to the given backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints down the ping .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as tags .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading raw warning raised by an annotations with a relative warning warning .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the ca ca file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  start python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  use   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  wrapper for appscale .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   command
truth:  convert   a

test:  format an integer in human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  format   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return a date in utc date .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  return   date
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  computes indices of an array of rows corresponding to a single subset of names between 0 and y should also have multi-line inputs .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   modules
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a string using the form field .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister the agent associated with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check the color with c from the original string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns whether the given command name is a record .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  page = a notebook page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  =   pull
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the yubikey instance .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a datetime object suitable for a model as a tradingenvironment of a tradingenvironment .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  the same as the recorded library .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating json data with some deleted service .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting of the specified configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the testtools test w .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle based tm needs a pipe .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   social
truth:  load   tm

test:  joint the bem surfaces .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  checking   point
truth:  create   a

test:  load an image array into a single uint8 .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  load   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a attrs['name'] information for the given sdrs and returns a dict of attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  add current host name to the memcache .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return an encoder with encoder .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  return   store
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model fs .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   analysis
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a key name .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   try

test:  if a user is enabled cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy activation function :math:varphi(x) = frac{1}{1 + e^{-x}} parameters x : float32 the exponential activation function of the exponential activation .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstalls a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  generate spanning spanning spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a wrapper around hash function .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds the node from node list by nodes .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new service instance .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake exchange for the admin alignment plugin .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream server description from an endpoint reactor name .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return a datetime representing the state of epsilon that can safely be saved to the given state of the node in the consumed .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   state
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all autoscale groups associated with details cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  set up blocks of encryption buffer .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the global file to use to record the correct row .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure that an object is true .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  make   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  cancel jobs that appear in both numerator and denominator .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  adds a datetime to the requested html .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  adds   utc
truth:  time   time

test:  create a path to a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense np array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge the files in a package .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  map   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a string tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  display   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  remove everything and all sub-directories in the skipfield folder .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  tab should appear in a process and interpolates helpful .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  verifies   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with salt utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  testing method .
truth: test program . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to run classpath and run classpath .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a file descriptor .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   set
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a text file and return the resulting channel .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a candidate albuminfo object to a candidate albuminfo .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replace reserved behavior of .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  clean   undo
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a simple random graph with the given name and returns a random graph .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  try to test if a float can be converted to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  map visualization version number to insert .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a datetime to a time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert some given text into a text string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  force   encodes
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  time   null
truth:  test   x10

test:  a string - default node .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   create

test:  entry point for each page and turns dimension into a default gui .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  return   program
truth:  derive   ini

test:  shows a django plugin calls .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  disable   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  applies individual function by ast .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the component specified in cooked tag -- a valid cooked string .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  return an array of the state of the given data .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  name: dom handling .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  stats   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  a helper function for python 2 and 3 compatibility .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  github test - want to skip this one .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  printable the value of a given entry with the given value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the item is implemented .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add a list of -items to an existing graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  add   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove all requests from the client .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  apply the first markdown counter to a binary string and return the appropriate binary data .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  return   return

test:  open the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  open   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run the command .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  run   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  when a file already exists .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  require   null

test:  check for pairs in the same strings as they use the supported formats .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on all instances of an image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a string into a numpy sympy matrix .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a given password hash of the given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loads a new linode instance for linode information .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the configuration tools session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the topic tree for the given topic name .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a path for the search in the search .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  load   find
truth:  loads   a

test:  adds a set of topics on the master report .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of absolute machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  sample   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute networks loss for coefficients .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  performs   test
truth:  null   loss

test:  return a string representing the latest version of salt cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  report   report

test:  create a string for the regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of array chunks based on an error .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  chunks   searches
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a critical configuration files .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  returns an instance of the given blocks under x .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  null   null

test:  load json object from file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all the replace keys with document values .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replace   update
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true if x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  boolean   indices
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find all the total state in the given reactor loop .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  find   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  configure a subjects file into two own files .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  string   task
truth:  set   set

test:  series data into multiple data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  write   sum
truth:  create   a

test:  renders a form link from the list of strings .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the default path isnt changed when creating the always a file which contains the handling in the always in the path .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a datetime .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse a specific layer value and return parts of a specific layer .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a list of keys .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  given   field
truth:  gets   null

test:  translates email this plugin descriptor to avoid emails but if the footer doesnt assign an html reply .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raise an error if error is not a message .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  error   error
truth:  throw   null

test:  context manager to temporarily change the same way as argument .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  search   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  using   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject url into a users handlers .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  get the most recent protocol version that is available .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  get   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates the date .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  run a test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   test
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates an taskinfo object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  use this function hosts and return the callbacks of fake 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load the configuration files for a specified later this is just a setup .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  read   user

test:  returns the singleton tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  test unicode id from a string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return the current vhost for a user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard limits of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   round
truth:  compute   compute

test:  export comment on a comment by new v .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  stores   a

test:  show credentials for bigquery .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  show   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user names .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a base64 encoded padding encoding that was sent as per characters .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return the expression that the expression for the entire expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks the barcodes of barcodes from the barcode statement .
truth: gets header . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  header   header

test:  return a tuple of a given model class .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns a mixed-state message for the given name .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  extract   message

test:  create a higher function that enables a parent object .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  create   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  determine the sum of the specified path .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  get   get

test:  strip the list of succeeds that are strings .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  strip   quote
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return the imp value for imp with imp .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes the header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  update all allocated entries in a 3d document with encounters entries .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  cancel   null

test:  get an attribute value for the given l{instance} .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if do __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all instance specs for a given attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns time with the input value .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the gcode files which are not files as a dict .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a token for the provided user .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  attempt to little socketfd -> string return a triple of the given data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  returns the hex ip address of a given address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  translate a content to a string .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  caches   wrap
truth:  content   content

test:  parses the string containing a line names and returns a dictionary of {key: names and values are dictionary of the objects assigned assigned .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get figure stdout/stderr .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  rolls   a
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  test   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  check the device devices from := device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades on this system cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorate to see if admin is admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  decorate   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a channel command .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  execute   channel
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents and a list .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  null   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   count
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial functional composition in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  add   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  cast string to it .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  cast   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  test interpolated [83 option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default asset ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   replaces
truth:  returns   a

test:  test cloning a python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  extract the test data from the tests/ file .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url for a particular actor instance <a href="{% actor_url request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals expr to error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that the only one key matches the arguments: key : string .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  replace all linear variables with a custom variables .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add all files to the user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   default
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade any :class:cachedsession .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   params
truth:  used   null

test:  return luminosity value for the linear betai() .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return a reset validator for the given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  initialize states for all states .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  confirm   correct
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  the image should be carriage in the image after other than one .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the named service is installed .
truth: internal function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  converts iri to subplot value .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  emulate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line option with number_items option .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the one-line groups we would have a static tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return a command environment variable .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   change
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  view for user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  compute the window magnitude based on a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  compute   split
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that a string is mongorevisionkey .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  token   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  reads a line ending with the dots .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  wrapper for every thing from the alerts method .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  verify ack is actually enabled .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  do   html
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert columns into a sphere array with right length and units .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of dicts in the table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a set of ip addresses to find a checksum compatible version of the c++11 .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  get valid inclusion_one_param names for commit system .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  translates   details
truth:  get   get

test:  dot product between two axes .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   report
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  mattermost samplemat .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  support   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness and completeness and v-measure scores at once .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the entire module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  select definitions .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to return a gpedit file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   routine
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes a sqlite file .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  based   demo

test:  like sortkey but try to log the provided exception .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary of data .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that softmax can be set and has sparse values .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the existing image file .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check all virtual machine and is a set of optional name in the account .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  translates   strip
truth:  return   return

test:  multiplies the series .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiplies   a
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  parameters s : str or columns in python with the same length .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   convert
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for the projects to be run on the page .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  performs json json json output of splitting and json object .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  performs   regex
truth:  null   generator

test:  create an folders folders in the tree .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function and a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   options
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the number of distance between two rows of a to the parallel area .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  cross   cross

test:  get the trunk information for the particular instance_uuids .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test if we need to pattern variation .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   form
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format that is a valid host-name string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the distance between two rows for the null curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  listoffeatures2matrix   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the rendered data local l{long} data .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  return   method
truth:  compare   a

test:  return all the child tensor with the given tensor .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a new tenants cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  get   up
truth:  set   up

test:  change path from path and returns its scope on path .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  change   change

test:  helper to test if gradient is a gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a single reference to a class reference .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to skip test if not installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wraps a zabbix socket .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  null   handler

test:  replacement for up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  asserts that cli prompt for interactive cli as interactive to a valid cli example: .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  asserts   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if path is a file .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  calculates a cache model for the given time item as cache parameters .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  calculates   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends identifier | service identifier = const_value | service identifier in service identifier = const_value field_type = const_value .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   service

test:  write a zip file and deletes a zip directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  start   root
truth:  null   a

test:  write the contents of the xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   store
truth:  send   send

test:  return a users profile based on the account already exists .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or videos from request to messagelength a message class .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  get the unicode representation of text .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns a generator of sequence barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   sequence

test:  forget a user to delete a query .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary that can be used as a geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  rel_path   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds access to the provided token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  access   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test no iterable option .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect kit files in the - t and agent .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  upload   controller
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a random key see: url key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cleanup files made to masked folder .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller @todo: action button to component answers .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  build an example resource from the browser graph .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string value .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  given   int
truth:  format   format

test:  display the specified objects .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  display   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  a how many components of the given module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the ctypes .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  function to configure json output .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  that will notify the user to see if they are more than a galaxy again .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  return the candidate version of string .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the callers .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current torification setting cli example: .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most most of the tests that we can open a most similar to most similar to the one page .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   null

test:  return subgraph graph for degree 0 .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  searches sequence of sequences to be returned .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  searches   normalize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a regular expression with valid source files .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  tokens   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a collection object for the given firewall directory .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  tests whether the provided address is a valid ipv6-address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the object attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an expression with an additional routine from an expression .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  source   source

test:  computes the rows of x given input array .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve file location by name .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  retrieve   current
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the volume based on a particular volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  credit: gradient of the rotations buffer .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   swap
truth:  null   gradient

test:  run lint in the route53 .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  write   tool
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract the overflow range from a overflow distribution .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a base64 encoded string from the base64 encoded value .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a map .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  lists all source components of url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pull out the data transform from a profile .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pull   messages
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the given path is configured .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if g is an degree degree degree only if g is not degree .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer is properly handled if the issue of cache are equivalent to the right version of cache .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  load   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a directed requirements from a readme graph g .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the data of a file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   in
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get polar image .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  name   call
truth:  make   a

test:  := implementation application .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   event
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   file
truth:  create   metric

test:  uses a remote release .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  uses   process
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  runs watchers .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  saves   parse
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  test that a disjoint can be set and setting callables .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  return the pixel font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a tuple containing the values of a rectangle .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  create   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  the db language for locale .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate dry identifiers from source to lasts .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   versions
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of comments to a counter formatted string .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  pretty print the current table .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  structured   null

test:  iddef restful crud record for the optimal records .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  input   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  attempt to run universal systems with the python process .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  executes   null

test:  return the authsub token for the given {'code' .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   routine
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  one comparison between line length .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  are   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program types which are found for the user and the type of those elements .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: sonatype-clm rather than jenkins when using white plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy policies plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks elements of a list into a binary-valued array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  a helper method for imagehdu .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  null   swap
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the word with the given lexical form and 'noun' .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  use :module:twittercorpusreader to load old module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  use   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  check if a given selection string is a list of values converted to the dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  map   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to create a new tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  code   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate a list of unique ids in <dict> whose functions are not match the same way as py_xor() it .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the default tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the shapetmax reader to compute the specified surfaces .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a checksum for the hex and a hex digest .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  return the list of changed keys that have been changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an undefined representation of a given step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  print   snippets

test:  does the preceding grain when one registration of the given node is modified .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  null   return
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sorts a list of tuples of their foreign-key .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the circular array to an array of rows along the log likelihood to the lower range .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  p   max
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the axisdimensionmismatch' inverse of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a treewidth .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  use   return
truth:  look   up

test:  generate a string for testing the cache key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  use the doc pyez to connect to an unknown output from the database .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a single old file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml providers cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  list   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  return an array filled with dtype and dtype according to dtype .
truth: like rand . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert an http list to the standard description string for http http description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   maps
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  return first and trailing whitespace of a real matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message to the logging message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  returns servers scheme scheme to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a stream token by trying the non-empty token parameter .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator used to call a single function .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   multiple
truth:  mark   a

test:  create a widget object for a widget with the given name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  create   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  remove all translations names within a translations dictionary parameters translations : translations representing the translations for the translations for the translations in a plural view .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provides a trace as valid .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  provides   context
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to export header for a given course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  function   reference
truth:  map   map

test:  normalize an ascii string and is a readable location and is not a string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate external information about a container .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build a contents of an error to an error for a specified file .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   render
truth:  add   route

test:  construct multiple used in various days and generators .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  a simple constraint: dict that extracts a sql of the given key .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until a public instance is public on the instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  check if value is an integer and int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  to   code
truth:  check   check

test:  log a context with a message pcap pcap from a pcap pcap .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  logs   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render an errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_icon **parameters**: form the text that is being rendered layout context value that is available in the template bootstrap3/form_errors .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   render
truth:  form   form

test:  start environment positions .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the vertex multiplied by the path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  the timestamp from the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for checking that if changes is a valid name .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   size
truth:  return   method

test:  filter options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  filter   search
truth:  search   search

test:  read the given file and return the content as a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return the mock user for the given request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a mock object tied to the given file-like object .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   in
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return the current json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   json

test:  convert a string to be used for a cookie to be used for a url url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   call
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if the file is a valid the directory .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates the regular expression filename .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  allow for mptt to be extended parameters obj : string path path to process returns the root module representation .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the key name of the given key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  assert the given timers or function then returns a list of dicts: .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add http user to the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  sum   users
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  print   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show a mysql database .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses timestamp information from the view and return a sys .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  return   return

test:  regex static files .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  display   exception
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get point scaled if there are intercept .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  point   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the search string to include strange python files .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  generate   generate

test:  determines whether a user has passed to the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  applies   award
truth:  null   badges

test:  load all apps in the asset delete assets to scheduled in the command line .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   project
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test __getslice__ from myriad version .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories categories and randomly endbuttons .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  sort the contents of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determines   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  calculate the contents of file containing offset used by a given offset and the result as deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  count   count

test:  returns the users avatar service urls for a given resolution .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  returns   serialize
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the docker settings for all requests .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  null   null
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe repr of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  form   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  note: robust matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of vector3 with each vector3 .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature nodes .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that when we are a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add a message to the message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  add   count
truth:  change   message

test:  constructs the hostname for a given cluster and returns the hostname of may_be_null .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  constructs   tool
truth:  build   a

test:  returns number of fields of a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  return   redis
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the old info has been set .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  removed a value in the named form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  initialize an ipython application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  creates   start
truth:  create   a

test:  const : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   triangle
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the experiment rule that should be used as a list of configuration files .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  test   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  check if the header of n elements .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if all flag are running on a directory .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  singular   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to include a certificate to .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  makes the while sorting the first kind of -1 .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  get the tan for a filepath in the buttons engine .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  add a value to an ec2 dict .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  add   item
truth:  value   value

test:  create a new sample .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an integer to an integer .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the old loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  connected   add
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a new thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert the status of the given status to the textual status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   status

test:  when the stripe suffix to be deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  null   acl
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  return a console .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   method

test:  test loading catalog catalog for django .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return a diff of the diff with each file in text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object from a hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   date
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the optional on a given object with a new one or revert when a temporary object then revert it should be changed in the _update_certificate_context() .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  mount the amount of observers from public device .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  run   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raise an exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   add
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get the list of handlers by the given plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  tries for sys .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add an existing plugin and its children of its children .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract the entire cookies from a cookie .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  extract   datetime
truth:  request   request

test:  dummies[ string where the list of lines close to the last element of lines .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  string   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the options from "length" .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  expands the transformation token by a new transformation to a set of es_urls .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  expands   end
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the cell containing a choosing status .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  to   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  gets a security group with the given columns from a group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a url into 6 components .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  null   a
truth:  put   a

test:  set the temporary keychain with the default keychain class .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  team controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a relative heading .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test that insignificant image can be correct .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  receives   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to the user .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   message

test:  get the request policy and return the build as a obtained .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  generate the modified list .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluates and merge django type .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  hash   cast
truth:  check   check

test:  extract parameters from a particular alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark mark mark method as unsafe:: mark mark mark method mark mark method .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets the custom request for a given course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes the given stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset 1ip assert .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  simplest possible application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  pairs   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a feature covariance matrix note: this function is simply a wrapper to the knn functionality for other ruby a wrapper on both the knn model class .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   a
truth:  train   a

test:  a notification notification function to disconnect the ifttt 5 .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  open   send
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of admin users ids for the given feedbackthreadanalytics .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a set of icrv and return a vm .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   find
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a hook on the sites concerning an sites machine .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  null   user
truth:  handle   handle

test:  there is no arguments over the current sites .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for a process to be visible .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack plugin .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  build the s[ or shors color of ellipsis .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  compute the threshold mean of a matrix .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  produce callbacks and return callbacks for an image .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  produce   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new permission to a list of overloaded .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary of lists of found values with nested values .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a time string to a tuple of message .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  works   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper execute a job .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  for a list of all of xml objectify expression .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the subprocess tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   process
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns boolean load bits of a fits file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   read

test:  create an dns records from the provided response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the fasta fasta file and return the sff mapping filepath .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  make   function
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  some common helper function .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a server in a step_definitions way .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   nltk

test:  join paths path when suitable for every path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   a

test:  no operation .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  function   function

test:  converts string into hex string with packed .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see preceding .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  default   return
truth:  create   create

test:  return a boolean do not editable in any signer .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  server   server

test:  return the unique id for a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  saving saving graph graph based on queryset .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  translates   int
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get default multiplied session name .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  check   try
truth:  gets   null

test:  core core formatters .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a time field .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert from args to string .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  set   set

test:  coverage coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  load   a

test:  run raw s3 / client for given server and client .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  connect   server
truth:  run   session

test:  get the diff values .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  embed   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the diff of microsoft data .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  every operation in n elements of the sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the state of this status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  default   update
truth:  update   status

test:  get data for instance :type cls: results :rtype: str .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  get   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  : for nodes in a set of shortest nodes with one or more systems .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  matching   count
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  run a unit command given a remote operation using sys .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   logic
truth:  run   run

test:  list all job data from all returners in the specified returner .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  applies   bind
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an object is an instance of a string .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  resolves the given deferred and returns the tuple of the given deferred .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  resolves   entities
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  replace   argument

test:  like 'eth .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cast value to python objects unless they are false .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the device tv tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get a colormap colormap for name or lines .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot the given quarter parameters data : the axes period : string quarter .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   axes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  settings object .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  settings   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate arma transfer need to be checked for all correlation .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  computes   isolation
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the given value is valid for being invalid characters .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   method
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading volume labels for bem .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   code
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  apply mask to given data matrix .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a authentication token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  null   data
truth:  token   token

test:  convert a struct address in string into cross-platform regions .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set/get a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  signal   plot
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text by color or other effects into text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  return   summary
truth:  string   in

test:  this function converts the scalar into a string .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  to list all vms for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  method to parse a model .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  lists   path
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture for testing .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  blocks   url
truth:  like   like

test:  connect a link into the virtual machine .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  change   verifies
truth:  log   a

test:  return a subclass instance of an instance .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the specified distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the ip address of the user .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  changes   interface

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an integer to a number or milliseconds .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the reduced roots of a univariate polynomial f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search can be listed in a list of files .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   a
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses a datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  export value to spherical default values .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  value   converts
truth:  default   default

test:  write a row of the target .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  list all owner .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  generate a 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' graph of nodes having a dag graph .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  translated   bench
truth:  download   download

test:  return a list of linode data .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box for the user to post a box .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates in which a directory is a list of paths to user-provides from the directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   size
truth:  given   a

test:  return the locale for the locale based on its locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return an activities for all activities about user by user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates tasks of all tasks that have been running under the corresponding task and returns the specialized for a given task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  associate   point
truth:  starts   null

test:  statuses assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   status
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the md5 group value .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   event
truth:  accept   a

test:  launch the oauth client for static specified instance .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to parent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  constructs a new endpoint of the endpoint for google information about each endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return lines that start with the first id .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all default columns by service .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the transfer and data for the given relationship .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  compute   linear
truth:  null   operator

test:  concatenate a string into the codes add_headers_cb .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  a l{asynctestcase} for gzip module that instantiates a class that atomically not import or > a fake module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  flag elements of a distribution with parameters distfn : ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  query a document create a query .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  view   list
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  if the line is blank .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud s3 .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  process   a

test:  uninstall an lg package is not imported and not .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   multiple
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  get a request to use with a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  manage the current user .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  sync   render
truth:  set   set

test:  detects input is raised by temporal .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  input   input
truth:  patch   patch

test:  helper function to generate a pmf .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  textileexcept --> various rate __init__ .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  function   text
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  no an instance of gf in the window registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the value for a given email or not .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  difference of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt an aes with cbc cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   decrypt
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  return the storage statistics statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  return   server
truth:  warning   warning

test:  get a username/password object for instance expired instance key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  type_name : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   map
truth:  empty   null

test:  function to consume all 3: of the same arguments .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  header   view
truth:  construct   a

test:  apply 2d fft to each element in data .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes quotes and trailing quotes from strings .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   number
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  helper method to load the user for the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  rewrite the client outside of a packet packet .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  rewrite   decode
truth:  to   attempt

test:  calls mydelay .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert a belongs to the value .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  dummy should serve django static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add a fake groups to the specified facility .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse a []plen message .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get point from point list by the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  test   get
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of resource names of this host is available for the host cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a valid error encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  get the debug level .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  determine   null

test:  adds field instance with the given field from type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the groups of a given instance .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  endpoint endpoint from an abstract options .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run the default function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  test   maps
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  migrate the database to the latest version of the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   access
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  returns linter with url .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return character string in the series/index contents of the string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  returns   values
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  find the header of the dataset that is a json-encoded version of the attachment_urls with text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  find   a
truth:  empty   remove

test:  lookup and return the default urls for a url .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  returns the conference representation of the node attributedictionarykey .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a path from a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a pysignature args .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu gpu .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  log the given log message .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  get   storage
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  disables the dipy configuration object .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  upgrade   current
truth:  if   check

test:  multiple http:// parameters for full "lazy" .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the maintenance database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a file to the given path with the given contents .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  creates   jinja2
truth:  write   contents

test:  return true if there is no tokens in the key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given list of tokens in the none' where none can be passed to the output .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version from task .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  display additional html page from "add .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  display   a
truth:  open   documentation

test:  test version .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  the text thats correctly used for web client tasks .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  capture   a
truth:  function   function

test:  moving gradient code .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode between two representations and vocabulary .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   mapping
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the start with start and waits is not used .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the user is an active user .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  source   user
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite for testing which depends on a sample .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   case
truth:  visit   visit

test:  imports a python module path and saves additional directories given a list of module modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  package   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create windows data file .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the name of the package containing the directory containing the reason specified in directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  compute image using replay_load .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  compute   patch
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept the default response type .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a search search on search .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  test control control thrown after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  code   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network network to a server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   network

test:  when four characters contained in a pretty way .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return path to the directory where the theme is located in this directory .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a list of timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   page
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a namespace page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  return the produces cover for a numpy array only and type is mustbeanumpyarray because we actually adds .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  singular   sequence
truth:  if   null

test:  copy zip file to the given plugin and download installed .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  copy   download
truth:  download   a

test:  creates a message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a test case when the passed in .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a utility function that returns a list of doi with icon_dict .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  is   sort
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list roles of a particular host cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  list   metadata
truth:  return   a

test:  like call does nothing .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  implement   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  test average copy of solution for solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete host entry for the given subnet or raise if it does not exist .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get info['get group information as a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   group

test:  rejection region of the autocorrelation test for the end of the entry .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph induced by nodes passing values .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert to an object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  to   return
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  checks if the given distances are distances correctly .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  if   image
truth:  if   null

test:  returns an ipython store object holding a signal header .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read the rich text from the set of rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   text
truth:  read   read

test:  push a document to an application .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a step definition can run only the steps specified as steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  run   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the name of the specified security device .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  gets   change
truth:  is   null

test:  update the old form of a particular existing key .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  using 20 tweets sampled from the reader streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  using   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  transform the value into a dict .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  compute greatest degree of the polynomial in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify a mount security groups for a specified target .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  create custom ansiblemodule module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   url
truth:  removes   null

test:  this function ensures that an object is a valid api object .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  function   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all associated instance profiles cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   list
truth:  to   check

test:  download the given version number .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   args

test:  converts a path to a starcluster datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  draw   c
truth:  constructs   a

test:  compute an approximation to be able to skip a 2d format .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  compute   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create a dopile set and is the current username .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   null
truth:  drop   database

test:  save output of writing and converts output into a binary string .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  output   parse
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the parameters of a theano buffer or a list of names .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if a user is actually a matches the given name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  callback for selection events .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  callback   handles
truth:  select   null

test:  returns whether the user can delete author of a given request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm vm within packet .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  full_match for underscore with underscores and unpickling methods .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  search   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a draft draft given a preview page .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  extract the certname for a single 440-compliant .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  changes   find
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   intersections

test:  serving a remote endpoint .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sort a list of bookmark objects .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path if a wheel path is not installed .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns chain of a perl graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  enable/disable a function .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  convert label to binary .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  label   convert
truth:  converts   integer

test:  parse the xml string with no exceptions .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid for the contents of a namespace uuid uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the rights rank of a collection in a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  converts   a

test:  create an image .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  create   text
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  displays or create edit window of interactive window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of length gamma and max sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for statements to stop primary characters for at layer & retain .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  simple wrapper that formats a logger and validate that first log in real format .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the column based on the filepath .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  get current package database object .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the url to the api creator api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update is a warning as a string .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  display   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  verifies   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a subscription configuration .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  add the key string to the key of the key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  add   a
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert an array to a floating point number .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  test   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptor from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yield is an iterable object .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  creates a simple vm to create a esxi object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  job comments controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that theano deterministically give the same results dont need to contain the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a set of binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  search   one
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  locates   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data of public *get* .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  list most log songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  list   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  returns a set of l2 path on the given list .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an iterator over all items in iterable iterable that is the context of the given iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the translation language for a given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function will return a working directory .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back the content of uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  the current timezone and a datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the directory path from the default url .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  <> string according to a function that can safely be uploaded .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  string   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print a transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  lookup an error message to all errors in the given error docs .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   configuration
truth:  null   section

test:  start reverts and options to the server .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   one
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build the default tool dictionary for the given type .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  build   data
truth:  to   add

test:  returns a nice configuration .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  load   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to get a new host under a specific port cipher .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  function   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  get a certificate post for certificate and validate it as a certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  get   certificate
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  test whether a filename is a resource .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  test   return
truth:  to   path

test:  populate a dictionary with keys of strings .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  check   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merges single tensor in one single tensor and a new outputs into another .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return the permission url for the given resource name and permission .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  see rfc1123 .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes all files and strip directories .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute a gradient style loss .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   value
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : function compound_statement .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up event for windows prepare a background event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  init   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading and nan-like functions .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  format   test
truth:  write   a

test:  escape a url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  escape   quote
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink camera .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  convert multiple section names to an json-compatible dict .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  like   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  a safe helper function to interact with comma separated characters .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a field key for ccx pulled from the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  bound   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  apply a rule to a tree of time numbers .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a ctypes function that returns a libm .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the exchange domains for the same domains as above a fallback to make the fallback with the salt auth document returns: fallback .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  split a value into det(m) .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  split   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper function to check if the filename should be included in the given base filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   update
truth:  create   create

test:  start a pdb pdb module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  sum   hosts
truth:  call   pdb

test:  start an entity and return the resulting string for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  start   get
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup a clean application .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  run a remote client requires the remote login to execute a remote host .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  run   stop
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given an url and a scheme based on its path .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  return the value corresponding to a numpy object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  return   property
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the series is greater than the series distribution .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  mean   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test that selection arent rendered when the selection names arent rendered .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  exception   regex
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string corresponding to a given value .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  create formstyle for filters on the incident form page .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  creates   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something transforms correctly .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   whitespace
truth:  check   check

test:  quote the query escaped by ldap .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  is   item
truth:  null   crud

test:  a helper to generate leaf .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   search
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an existing metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy an unsigned copy of src to destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  given   number
truth:  null   number

test:  return a version of tuples .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent lines and servers into lines .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   details
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the root root directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around instance: member that allows us to convert their arguments to an existing server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a relative url to the incron directory .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the directory is in the sdk sdk directory .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict f .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yields a batch of 1prev until the current batch .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse asdl file and return the given file and decoded line using keyword_function_map .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the list of hardware for key .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decrypts weighted weighted graph based on a series of linear init vectors .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  samples   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the given hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add a function with args so it gets called when running the command with args and returns the arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the object into an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a default including instance .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  parse   checks
truth:  creates   null

test:  find a job with the given dir and a user .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  find   directory
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory for the given system .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  run a file tree under the given path is a file on this node describing a file .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replaces the black color with the input .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  replaces   number
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  host   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the full path to the windows path on a cache directory path to the windows path for a cache path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the requests and have not to render for the given user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  get   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert the data of a title into a list of *individual* .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decorate the predicate method to check the argument methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  check if bash completion is pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  asserts   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test that warnings works with very prefix and files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for checking if cryptography is not implemented in the npn .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return the name of a site .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  is   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   strings
truth:  null   null

test:  batch variable calling instructor model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   eval

test:  returns a collection of events required to be configured in the following order: in g .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  go   a
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the limit between two :class:~datetime .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 values in two vectors .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get the search search query for the given search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  get   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel and ciphering request section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   cc
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a sparse record for the given record .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the number of n composite numbers .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  convert a path to a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  convert   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  test that when we will show a mock calls .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  test   implementation
truth:  dedent   null

test:  helper for os .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  null   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the cached languages for the specified variant .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  resets   polynomials
truth:  reset   reset

test:  to be overwritten content .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  parse   context
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  an exception handler for relative class handlers .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper function to add a collection of error to the given error string .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  use   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  copy keys from copying dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  xor   copies
truth:  performs   a

test:  installs a command using a text as a new unique .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  known   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   in
truth:  testing   testing

test:  is a file a process and implement its output .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  is   one
truth:  run   run

test:  get all the data files may be a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  get   database
truth:  builds   null

test:  bypass bypass lines from listing to a list of tuples .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   files
truth:  creates   null

test:  show a thought filters .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check if the specified configuration is disabled in the victorops catalog name of the server to remove from config to supervisorctl how to the host to keep installation .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to cause the indentation to wont change .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network algorithm of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a theme corresponding to the directory where the theme is a theme object .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  return   get
truth:  name   name

test:  return a sequence of brands sorted structure .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   top

test:  get the value with the lists of the file options from the file with the archive tag .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of options to pass to .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: info if the obj was triggered .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return the locate services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add system users check to the recipients user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  disable   add
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts the first version in the shell version example formats: and returns build version as a release version like [cart .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  start the environment variable .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  compile   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  function to login for setting an http requests object .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  to   backend
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta fasta file .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   current
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return true if the event type is fire .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a rabbitmq node .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  integration a file with https credentials .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  passing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function that transparently getting json output from json icon .
truth: compress json . 
test:  function   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  a context manager to temporarily disable and restore the compiled context .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create a temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  converts a multipart dict to a set of sections .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  converts   find
truth:  null   null

test:  check that process is appropriate for the desired item .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length type of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  create   msg
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts irods and appropriate search for datacenter information on datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  to   function

test:  create ftypes for a name with an annotated with a leading os .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  create an item from a list of projection values .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  confirm   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  adds a rule to an answer rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  determine which values of lowest projects .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  moving   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn a logger and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  put responses for ccx git page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  constructs   view
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a url for the client .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of compiler filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks sample mapping file to duplicates errors .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  from issue /path .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  url   downloads
truth:  if   null

test:  pre-configured the command line .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph to output nodes the one graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  setup the device running both daily and port can be reported its not values .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  create   create

test:  given a subnet name .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  create   create
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  returns the http request headers for an http response .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parses   transaction
truth:  try   try

test:  test pretty-printing table with block delimiter .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  calculates a solution product of two product of a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the named service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the results of the given protocol key .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  score   decode
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a task into separate filter .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   type
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools and return the installed version .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   checks
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  check for common code in the text .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  find   drop
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the variable and var it out of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   value
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  calculates the symbols of a list of key-value names .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  calculates   counts
truth:  return   a

test:  unique prefix should appear in to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove a website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice type .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a lamp string .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   show
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate directory from namespace .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  lists   worker
truth:  is   null

test:  solve the tan function for a given covariance distribution .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  count   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the *ensure* name .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  change   directory
truth:  project   project

test:  make a string 2d frame .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  return a list of return_to tuples and owner that are not within the received list .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a 3 element tuple with the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string identifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception raises an exception if a valueerror .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  multivariate   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  list all files with a given private key .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   null

test:  retrieves related videos from related to a current stack .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clique subgraph for nodes in a chordal order .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through a filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   series
truth:  return   data

test:  constructs a numbers for the given host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert oauth sorting to provided url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  order   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback that processes a username to test the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that vector vector is an distance matrix parameters color : vector to be an array that corresponds to the components of the cluster .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   package
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of icon viewed using the given list of exploration tensors .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   a

test:  turn the given object into a course with the given number .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  object   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  loads and returns the bootstrap bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  loads   unicode
truth:  import   import

test:  execute a paused command .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  name   name

test:  check if model should be loaded as a model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   example

test:  slice group(1) .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  test the starting a guiprocess with a fixed value .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   utility
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator that skips a test if review not in the returned test function or unloaded .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  skip   a

test:  retrieve tags from a group with q .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode m dictionary .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount up a cinderblockdeviceapi instance using the specified masters pool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flag string containing the flag as an /af/tutorial/issue_2401 dictionary .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  string   connect
truth:  return   description

test:  returns a set of all values of original and their types .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate through all marking directories in an local directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   breadcrumbs
truth:  null   null

test:  build a course_key .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  is the directory path a file name that the file exists .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  setting setting the qapplication argument .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  setting   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  trailing source strings .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup bench sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   virtualenv
truth:  add   commands

test:  test dipole vertex transform .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  returns the array of second-order classes .
truth: aux function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all programs built to a textual corpus .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return dtype difference between 0 .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  align   np
truth:  allocate   a

test:  change the specified task cli example: .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly for phenotype that has the stdlibs .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for an fixes' to a refactoringtool .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  make sure pcs type is still cache .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the user for the tags .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the next precision f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the tags assigned to a return value .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  add   add

test:  create a widget and apply it to an entire widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all compute services for an hypervisor .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   agent
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the matrix is a if the list .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main entry point .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  point   default
truth:  null   level

test:  decodes a link for linking to an issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  gets   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   null

test:  check that a database fails in the catalog database fails if a problem doesnt actually exist .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  verify   connection
truth:  null   database

test:  helper function to grab outprotrec values .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a keyring for a specified keyring .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   get_id
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the path to the typeprop spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set testlist header .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   in
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if contributors is a localizable node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  updates the subsection dict related to the course creator score .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the ca certificate as a certificate under a certificate .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the cramer for a list of distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  compute   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  convert value to start .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  called   a
truth:  display   a

test:  compute the robust robust installed-apps function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  compute   scaling
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars values .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  solves an array with the given system x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  function   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification event for a list of rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a wrapper around fut .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  determines whether there is a weakness .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a database connection for the current thread .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  takes   sql
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that acquires a qmutex lock on a threadsafe host .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  change   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy test on .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  test   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  check if system status is allowed to one executable in the infer .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  showing   null

test:  extract a content parameter for a parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the linear threshold value based on a number of threshold .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  create a new command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  fail   none
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator for gentle decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  return the docs sample object for the specified wiki entry .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  fetches   return
truth:  return   info

test:  wrap pypi body to *worder* most instance space .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test serializing cookies when config is changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to add a sum of f(x)**-i to a half .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  dummy function that raises notimplementederror if a row has no formatters .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  return s with the same number of spaces replaced with spaces .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  s   chop
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the signature of the contents iaw cert .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a validator for option of type and text .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set an attribute on a computenode and save it .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create the base node of an object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  send a command line argument to a boolean indicating if the data is missing and is not used .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to fit and updates start and the start of the start .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  source   runtime
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize a streamhandler for the given spider and replacement for the script .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  take a 'aandbshouldbesquare-free' function .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  take   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add modules to the application .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  add   register
truth:  point   point

test:  get information for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that catches a driver instance with this driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates secure transport request for an kwargs: service .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   bytes
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieve folder contents and last shell command .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  retrieve   imports
truth:  run   run

test:  return a comma parameter string for the given help command .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  performs a overlay throw an path; overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  performs   compare
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a directory path to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  test the extras commands behaves equally .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper function for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion and 3 .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  checks and convert from course_key to native pool .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a new sequence that is not a list .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   multiple

test:  gets a user object for the project creation creation .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  if   check

test:  replace a css string with its characters .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  replace   css
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  algorithm   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  escape a string .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  count the central covariance matrix parameters x : ndarray x : array-like axis weights or list of generalized observations matrix weights : int number of generalized matrices for an rotation
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  deprecated since first dimension of a collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates data with the given secret key and data .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with powermodulecouldnotbeloaded powermodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  context manager that can plot the csv color or statsmodels parameters x : statsmodels .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plotting   html
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the file descriptor for a file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple with the highest state of a given state cannot be created with the highest domain and/or a relation proposal and/or 0 .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a simple docker image to show the master image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  define   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  save the width to the destination file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a modelform for the given kwargs for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decode a string from a unicode .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  to   string
truth:  to   attempt

test:  a format consisting of the youtube transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  processing   exceptions
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a local url to a destination .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance with the instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  calculates multiple lines that will be raw .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  to   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from a raw array to a string .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  perform completion cache for use in tests .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  makes   a

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  returns a new popen() instance .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  capture   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with all tensors stripped .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   join
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   current
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  helper function to get a list of dictionaries and their keys returns a new version of each of an item dict .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  function   portsnap
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate that the settings passed into the django fill .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   use
truth:  checks   checks

test:  format format output to the specified property .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  format   copies
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  =   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media form page .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  import   add
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the *l1* sum of two ranges .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   object
truth:  computes   null

test:  create state for task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  terminate   task

test:  registers a new class as a tuple .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   type

test:  apply a addons for inactive .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  apply   back
truth:  null   a

test:  one-argument type() as either an implementation .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the first root of an expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  are the versioned code of an exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values recurisively and list scoped if it is not none .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  main entry point for an stk500v2 with _version .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   entry

test:  get a list of connections for this machine .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  get   average
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that a^2 is the same length as epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  check   seed
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest integer that is the rsa exponent of the leading belongs to the smallest .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the name of a change string .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  create   configure
truth:  reset   a

test:  return a list of module modules directory where x is found .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   multiple

test:  returns an element of an selinux user .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  returns   federationidentifier
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parent nodes with parent nodes for rendering the parent tree can either pass in rendering content tree nodes are ids .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to dindex .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom codecs vs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  s   utf8
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cgraph complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig trigger a job to your build as an jenkins build step .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict that has a non-existent of the given key .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get rotationmatrix inset from loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update a draft form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   a
truth:  save   a

test:  read a single stream using the given character and return a matrix .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return a single xfs device info .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some doc .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   negation

test:  a helper method to convert float to ints .
truth: as above . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new transaction on the victorops endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the hardware times for comparisons in the specified argument root .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an exception if the protocol class is not a class or spam .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   list
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a keys metadata by the rest alias name .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the user to use for redirect to table or fail .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the submodules which are found under the given file .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  validate pathnames with d .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  search   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  validate a csr request .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   surface
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake tabbed-browser object and download in result_queue .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  patch public key 'nevergonnagiveyouup' .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   stubs
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the gdb in the remote way that pickle from a remote location of their position in gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a report for a given image .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  null   policy

test:  given an xml file offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  given   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a node .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks to see if a dhcp options exists by id or name .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  escape some chars of their escaped characters .
truth: from url . 
test:  escape   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  update packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   attempt
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read the entire text file and return the string containing the resulting module .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   path
truth:  string   string

test:  given the existence of a given apikey returns {created: true} if the api api was attached {attached: was previously deleted and returns {deleted: false} if the rest api was attached
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  try to convert value to int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload files to this file to run for end-point .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   query
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie player player discover object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  defn to load out of template names .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  ssh   template
truth:  return   a

test:  associated keys and optionally delete new files .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensures that model needs to use this is a model or the user that is of the currently installed by the docstring listed in the given model name >= >=
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  given   a

test:  extract benchmark information from nested collection of names .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  give   null

test:  reset subsystem for a subsystem **tag .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  checks that the user is not an required user .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a user .
truth: remove message . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given unix headers are a static instance .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of this config files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  execute program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   program
truth:  run   run

test:  average pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name can be relative to the given module name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a docinfo for a cone with a doctype .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  replaces a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the named cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic implementation of a commit .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to get a list of ignored names from a list of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows environment variables based scripts .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  read style libraries and update in path .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  read   users
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  if possible to use the current filter location .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute square-free polynomial of f and options .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  python2 can run on git version or the source is no version if flask is not installed .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  test   test

test:  one set of remainder remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  insert   part
truth:  null   part

test:  this is a workflow instance that does not correspond to creation .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  is   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  add   user

test:  retrieve a temporary user object from the provided user or none if not found .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   a

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  replace   patch
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate macros to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  return   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a temp directory and all directories retrieved by processes so we can successfully be deleted on this file like user to create a temp directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  allow for num_samples to execute .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  allow   handler
truth:  function   function

test:  lookup the codec name .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  lookup   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of seconds .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  path an alternate command po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits format spec to record .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  take   fits
truth:  record   record

test:  creates a function useful to handle a topological for a specified resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  context manager that ignores a simulate if indices works .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  context   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest create spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a string with characters stripped .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  string   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert the given histogram string to integer .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  is the system target that the system should be considered "the os script" 86] .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  is   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the sha1 signature signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the harmonic inverse of the two array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  returns   surface
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] for an polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   lc
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the user information for a given uid .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the client numbers for this request and environ['oauth .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  calculates the tan label for a basename object .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  calculates   equality
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check for comments to grant a resource - used by cms lobster cant add a resource which this returns a resource views if there is a resource listed in the
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  return   a

test:  if the current mobile mobile mobile api .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a file and return a python object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a graph for marking the given drivers .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses the http rfc2616 format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts a list of datasets into a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the non-breaking method is not allowed to the class .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the loops from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns our platform that support for <what> .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  search   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if given delay is an active delay .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   time
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the inverse discrete sine transform of an arbitrary type sequence .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   sum
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads output with url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   android
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  sends a list of note .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  decodes   email
truth:  given   a

test:  return the registry of the laplace instance of the registry == true will first registry == true will only true will first registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  changes   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for item view calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get the list of jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get document that can be found inside folder .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  document   document
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path to the directory containing given package .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets json with invalid error .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  test   test

test:  execute query sql_query vars so that it is an optional ping? locking .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   variable
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter song song for the given song or returns true if song is not found .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a string md5 hashing of a given test hash .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  pick   test
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule plus expr | expr le rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   =
truth:  null   rule

test:  return jar representation of the wav string .
truth: clean component . 
test:  return   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function to format the given header value .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the current url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides 1000 of models and prints os classes to stdout .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  url   filters
truth:  empty   trash

test:  the function to be called on normal functions pass via a function to generate the @interruptable decorator .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  same as baserepresenter .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  null   target
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string to a boolean .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   python

test:  create a client .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   cgconfig
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses an markup dev .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively walk the file to be included under glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  detect   os
truth:  walk   null

test:  test calc_footprint .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  calc_footprint   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment of the given iterable as a string .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  predicate to run tests .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  to   shortcut
truth:  update   update

test:  the metadata for an individual fisher metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the extracted string according to a variable .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parses   compute
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an stochastic deterministic for a proportion surface .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  generate   logger
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns list of module files that we can find the package .
truth: by default . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  this is not false during the current variable .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  is   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove the given security group .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  default   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  return the mac address of the first letters in an open string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a module and append to the source .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  user add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  search   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  the virtually function .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  null   user
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  calls fname_presuffix .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  release a device name from an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   interface
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  find a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  is   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected correction with expected equal to half .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test that the error raised by exp_id when it fails .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_param_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure the c reader are ignored by the c reader .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes a string to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   in
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge the given list of arg arguments .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  check if .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   check

test:  filter out style markers and returns it .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if the logs need to be sent to the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  filter out what this is or not .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  function   function

test:  converts both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  query contact in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  grant   keyspaces
truth:  if   check

test:  return the key value from the given key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  default for new x11 kwargs .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a partition sequence of partitions partitions of a list of partitions .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  make   chunks
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path for the given directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a pythonerrorintheinspectmodule if it has no kind .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  print   a

test:  get a numpy array of the color type .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  color   color

test:  compute the spanning links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   paste
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  return field for the purposes of a system .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   information

test:  install a given logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  install   file
truth:  closes   null

test:  check if a page is query or query .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing methods should be able to test if a edges module is allowed to cache the expected site .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile error .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively rename a path to a directory .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  rename   move
truth:  move   move

test:  find the interval of n of n .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the blinking distance between x and y .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a tuple with play play .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  retrives the quotes for policy .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  record   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  when calls an error .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  solves   null

test:  converts a git datetime to an ini where they are present in the case .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for caching methods .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function to create tests to verify whether the server working when creating any of the server working keys in the server member are allowed to an ssl host and
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception if tied is not a valid model representing the user supplied constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  raises   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get secret_key of your app access .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  get   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  loop until it returns true .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  retry the end test request after a video request after the user .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  retry   send
truth:  send   send

test:  validate stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  add   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  internal helper to read a template out of "filename" .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  require   a

test:  returns difference between two floats .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new table of training/test methods .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  list all wheels sizes on this minion cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  search   return
truth:  if   check

test:  mirror a k[x] polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  add additional information for temporary files in the config file .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  model   columns
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  this parses a full filename to filename .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate cmd cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  the last program logic + : .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   unification
truth:  null   program

test:  return the icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  invoke a query from a query string as a query string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  to   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  checks whether an object is deleted .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provide a list of users to list of users .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of groups that are local .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a single test runner for the path to the file with a test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  import imports modules returns the project name of project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  import   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function is intended to return a numpy array with the same length as a given length by each row or file-like array .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the carve times in any of the given clusts .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  gets a blob key from the blob into the tight_layout table .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  construct a mapping of volume volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit data to a single peaks .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send email report that the task has changed .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  computes a romberg service .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for timing in return_std .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  convert a file with a http index into a container filename and index .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  annotates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  color-inversed strides structure is an array of magnitude .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the provided value is a string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   strip
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper function to start when creating a envr string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a request object currently being used by the given request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product template .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets them to raise exception that have to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the given image object to authenticate with the expected length .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  scales   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  make the regular file path is a regular effect of a for documentation .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find the given block object which is in the order of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a relative url to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the buffer in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the default thread setting for this thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a path to the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for checking if cryptography is not implemented in the alpn .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch to send .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper for the sinusoidal to the correct period of the parser for the dti distribution .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  multivariate   explict
truth:  null   frequency

test:  log a plaintext value which ldap ldap .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  automatically do mass action form for tasks .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus and their ssh metric .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the given result is an active quality in the given fake quality .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called every time the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  list the locate checkblk cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  cleanup the json for yield yield content to finish .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  gets   null

test:  run the value} .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  send   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles only the default profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   list

test:  list the contents of a cassandra server .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as nt their " in the same location .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper function for storing proper entities .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   return
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) a string using base64 with no trailing newline .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  using   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run a docker command .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  run   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a slices and return its output .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  set   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a boolean if the purposes is not set .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert native object to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  list   load
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field sums and calculate products sums for all total-variation products .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return the technical text .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  code   request
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   pair
truth:  null   real

test:  convert interface into wavelength .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a wrapper around help .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  parses   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  for a specific event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  vectorized version of a square matrix .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  vectorized   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  integrate information values based on the given style .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  load   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary containing all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  checks if the parameter passed to the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  trims   null

test:  return a list of contents of skimage dataset .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  include   bottom
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the deviance likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  hash a given string into n bytes .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date to be passed into the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  writes a table to a table of reducing .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  convert a url returned request to a tuple of tuples .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save a headers to disk and updated without modifying it .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   print
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap tasks and show their information about the environment variables .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  create   information
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  generates a hash with a random hash label key .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  return   a

test:  inline-image : intconstant | qliteral | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing dag to database .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator that asserts whether obj is not none .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   arguments

test:  convert string to a option for random data .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  makes   bytes
truth:  if   null

test:  convert nested tree to a list of objects .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  turn   paths
truth:  walk   tree

test:  upload data into a single dataset .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the username for the assigned user can access cones .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as a non-editable package with a relative path .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application hook and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  return   find
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  run the application .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of sort key instances .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  renders if an entry is suitable for assertion error .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to refresh inventory data .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  download a given disk and search for host messages .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   alternate
truth:  download   api

test:  is the finder a finder level finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives a new git order .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  normalize encoding name from the string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an image of a disk image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to mark a function as the deprecation functions .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   configuration
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return the date for the year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   weekday
truth:  null   null

test:  verify the forms name and return a tuple of layers fields out if the response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  null   check
truth:  parse   a

test:  initialize issues with idict[i['number']] .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an internal representation of a process instance .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the multiple values in the expression tree .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  resolve a directory that contains all python files .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  yield   elements

test:  check if a zones is used in the collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create enum metadata .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   case
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to add a function to the underlying function .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> none .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  configure support and extended json classes .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  generate   option
truth:  logging   logging

test:  clean up the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  terminate   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves whatever diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  load the list of desktop modules required by the user .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  load   add
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  open an image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  open   shuffles
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the current objects .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the value of a unicode string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to the project containing given file .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services are enough .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the number of jobs in the spend given by a spend and tic .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates all nodes in a cluster with the pregnancy of its own key .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  updates   cluster
truth:  return   a

test:  returns indices of the element of a vector with shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  check the default overlay for a given dataset .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  tests   connect
truth:  load   load

test:  return a system for the string based on the current locale code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a standard index file and returns a list of "{%s}" .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  checks if values are equal to 1 .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  checks   statement_list
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a list of valid disk disk dicts .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a fake test directory that creates the test directory .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   create
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line with a line trough line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  multiplies processing job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  requeues   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  verify the client behavior of the source with original .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  change   a

test:  an array of scalars to load the paper: vector by each row adding the number of times given interval from shape .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  array   samples
truth:  get   a

test:  return the named dataset that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return whether the server has been permission to the twisted command .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  process   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses an normalize_formset_dict taxonomy line .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an item dict .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   compile
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  when new email to add an account request is removed .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  request   request

test:  check whether scalar is an difference of matrices .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  null   space
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   format
truth:  join   path

test:  test for github issue ps/tex date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  returns the json file location of the unset table .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers to a response object which will cause the header value .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a real entry in an active record type and an active record type for the given iterable but instead of the specified virtual not returned by a when the
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   show
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   statistics
truth:  display   a

test:  load a random ip with the k-neighbors flavor_id .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output of [x]html tags .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  constructs a database connection from the given database or a database .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of git git modified .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  get   try
truth:  make   null

test:  return a unit_number mac address if it exists .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  unblock   pair
truth:  null   null

test:  make a thread name in this manager .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this should run only on the /etc/shadow tests .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  reads a given file with encoding .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  reads   content
truth:  content   content

test:  when this function is added to the ask system .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   test
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to not enabled in /etc/init .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates an instance of the xml class and populates it as the xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   escape
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : ruleitem lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is an re which will return ipython when the extension is not a no-op .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  is   find
truth:  unload   unload

test:  count number of security group in a security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  this function allows you to release: multiple traces when multiple labels is selected .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  performs remote files by remote file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  performs   search
truth:  write   null

test:  test that the clickableimage relation and y give the target number of the target values .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud host .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  null   list
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in a series .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  add code nice factory .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shear images with the same kind .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up the tuple and returns a tuple of the where key is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  make the timeout copy of a synchronous page .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes info in couchdb table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   replication
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: buildschainfingerprinter execute a chain of assigning .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple | tuple | string | tuple | const_list times .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  simple wrapper around paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  function   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the fallback object for the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  evaluates an object and returns the correct number of the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   elementwise
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check the user has add a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a reduced project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test file filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the maximum corpus id .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a corrected_barcode: patch to a custom 3d instance .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a dict of valid random filenames for use in dump/parse .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  to   dict
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  hashes hash with given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  repeatedly applies events in socket spanning until they are dbms .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  align   metadata
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns true if the given syn[ is in the set .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  given   a

test:  set the size of a visible window .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  test that a power of the receipt is a subclass of features .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   item
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if uuid is a parent .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  return   return
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of an exponential value .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  rate   value
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the class type for given road if it exists .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for checking that it will be routed into the messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   tag
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is in a valid ip addresses .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  record   pad
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register the modules that are available as a list of possible values .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates nodes in the domain n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the summary representation of an instance .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   method
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the appropriate subscriber stream for the given user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   version

test:  utility function .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  function   decode
truth:  null   a

test:  this is a funciton chart over continuous chart using :class:barbuilder .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  minimize a function of one variable using a function of the minimum variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  configure   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a django backends .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   new
truth:  default   default

test:  set the error contents in a remote cookie .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  set   export
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns whether a given known kind can be a tuple of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple member in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for standard os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the default boundary cut of the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the environment is passed to use in jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  command   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the base base uuid for this minion .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  are always returns the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  are   url
truth:  null   helper

test:  lookup the codec by either the string or the type string .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  lookup   up
truth:  to   try

test:  change the tabs with spaces .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  show   text
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the specified network available for the app cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts text annotations from a block of examples .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to **boto with posted using (using .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load a 2d array from a file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as packed bytes from network and returns the network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns a list of lists of next strings in various list "lst .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns an individual hypervolume of the individual with the given ref ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a number to the digits .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  formats   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  landing view for the posted site subscription in the given user which the user identified by the posted site .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if were running on the same release .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the full generating altaz is consistent and that the full coordinate does not use nodist systems the correct graph the new coordinate coordinate altaz altaz and it will
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  ensures   number
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  get a callable corresponding to a docstring or default callable .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  removes factors from obj .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  import   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  convert   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a string to an prime account .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  proxy measurement from the vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  use   use

test:  open the default registry for problem_raw_score_changed the problem_raw_score_changed registry .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  open   configures
truth:  see   null

test:  one modular if f can heuristic the version of f .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  multiply   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create the test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  add new hashed method to the content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the 'af' language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  given a function that returns a tuple of pages and function .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  construct   output
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot plot and return constant data .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  helper to get fetching%s' : log instance will be enabled .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  disable a file of gettext .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  disable   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  parameters schemas : list of schemas in the database .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  dump   users
truth:  import   import

test:  create a regression function for regression shapeds .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   verifies
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find the path to the migrate repository for a migrate database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if certificate is zero or a certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  the address for an tempo address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test stack class that has no arguments .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a user assigned to parent with a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  assigned   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories in the given path .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that the row can be set and that a model with the right layer .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the standard value of any element in the given float .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculates   normalize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given node can be found within this node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  return   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   query
truth:  query   query

test:  helper for outputting quotes in a string e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random global id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into multiple tuples that are elements of the first list .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  returns   a

test:  low 0rv approach of leading length sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  transforms a <<= matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  require   32bit
truth:  read   64bit

test:  check adding the draft registrations for the user .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  landing   page

test:  pprint the pprint of whitespace .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   display
truth:  given   a

test:  parse a string referring to the filepath and return a dictionary .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   ntlm
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save the list of predictions to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   a

test:  construct a negative iscsi based on the watch machine .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of all containers services cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file system path to a datastore path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the log correlation matrix for a transfer matrix parameters upper : ndarray the distance matrix of all distance matrix to be saved : float array returns log probabilities .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  point   returns
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert the input list into a list of strings and strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a number between two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  fires out the purchase form page .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  implement   method
truth:  create   create

test:  construct an ipv4 domain name from a platform-relevant python object .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that model extensions are properly used correctly that the right args .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  get default email address for an email address .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   email
truth:  append   a

test:  given a string name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the standard error of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  write   null

test:  returns all the text passed to the type passed in .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns a class that maps loader paths as loader .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager that asserts that the duration of a specific value is not implemented in the given copy .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   update
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint number .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  return a document as a storage .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  return   try
truth:  check   check

test:  normalize string comparison between two aws strings .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  normalize   source
truth:  to   function

test:  convert a copy of the existing map[oid]return to the correct signatures .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  convert   runs
truth:  takes   a

test:  a pickleable helper method to start and start subsection for subsection per block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob to the encryption input .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  read source spaces from src to be a fif space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  align segment dimension .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  align   return
truth:  return   a

test:  script function for testing .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  check the header value from the environment .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  registers a backslash overridden by the machines .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  register   configures
truth:  launch   launch

test:  extract the xml file .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  extract   value
truth:  read   read

test:  if f is a constant points to a in the interval .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  minimize   value
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  send a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  halt   a

test:  return an networks object for the given topic .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  display the courses notes status of the courses textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  we are running on a smartos pass a smartos system .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the value of the specified page to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  save   utility
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get album candidates for an album object .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  copy   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment that is suitable for the given comment code .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  if containing a given directory .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for process methods .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal function that checks to see if a file is a non-sloppy key .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple process and creates a command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting int into flat proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  process system name .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  process   a
truth:  name   name

test:  patch the device using the file: user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  fix   replaces
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all activities for the given feedbackthreadanalytics .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   users
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that no arguments are found when an arguments .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  try   try

test:  function to simplify the current request headers and make the client as the client .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   json
truth:  null   decorator

test:  leases test for fixers .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate inputs from pep8 .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a local ips of a server and all child ips .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the version of a given exploration version .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid element for an html element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip data and return as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  save an image to the uploaded directory .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  save   set
truth:  null   api

test:  splits some whitespace into a dict .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   wrapper
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to create the correct host .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  load   point
truth:  creates   null

test:  run logs from the sphinx .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  control   test
truth:  run   example

test:  test same_domain when a url is initialized from a local url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  return   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the given host to remove user to connect to it is absent name the host to remove from host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for the projects to be run on the page .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   value
truth:  wait   null

test:  build a 3 element to be installed in the python .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  if   error
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a request on an spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  creates   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  get the current 'up' setting cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  open   open

test:  check translation input file .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  translated   new
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the valid number for a phonenumber for the specified phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a dictionnary that can be used for a given value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a helper that preserves items .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a time in the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the app is random output from app .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  load   point
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of ranged and return the original order .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  order   index
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing html values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns student for 9000 flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http uninitialized header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the room class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  regular expression .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  uses   cast
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list into a string .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  filter   url
truth:  convert   nt

test:  apply a chain in the data stream to the owner .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared variable containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify the verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the path to the given instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check cart users cart if the user has enabled .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  is   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns node for root .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the first word in status is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of key/value pairs into a dictionary .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   utility
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  degree is a degree in rewrite_links() .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  is   list
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert the output file to full fastq data structure .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  somebody method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the approximate log moments to the specified order of a emulator groebner a number of log moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   error
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes calculates certain changes to a certain state when it doesnt have the given circumstance .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a wildcard urls is allowed for the given wildcard .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new doctest .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum that returns a users topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the server tv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   encoding
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  expand fields into split map sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   starting
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  compute the interpolation space that is just a parameter and add demonstration seconds .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   num

test:  checking for the monitor option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  expand   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function name .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the set of neatly predictions .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that requires a user permissions .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  sample_ids the running server .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   models
truth:  are   models

test:  removed a form value to be updated by the customized content type .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return uptime dict .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module and make sure that the import does not affect the current target application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   find
truth:  load   a

test:  get a metadata-schema resource .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  regression test for a third-party function .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   operation
truth:  null   null

test:  factory for setting handles one csrf call for testing .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  given   language
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip error .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  associate   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that engine-level throws an exception when a predictor error that results with a previously traversed the socket fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  add user with default permissions to matching user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the platform .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  checks log event for request error .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  mock publishing signal handler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd with the specified vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check fixed counts in the existing fields .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  models are checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  poll   mail
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the geometric mean of the input array .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load a execute() vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   return
truth:  loads   data

test:  just run the combined module .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  import   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with random length n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  compute the univariate coefficient for nodes in the graph .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  compute   characters
truth:  return   return

test:  register a custom service name for the flocker service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  given the first correlation matrix f .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find a regex with xpath matches the xpath search in the xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  using   null

test:  catch the num_flows: cookie .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  updates objects with id or none .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a chunk of procedures to a flat row .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  serve the given letter date in the specified start date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the script from a script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  return   return
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a flushes to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  writes   summary
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds a operations criterion with a keyword criterion to create a new campaign criterion .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a log file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  write   filename
truth:  open   open

test:  prepare the markdown markdown settings .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  false}return all secrets from request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the problem to return true if an exception is eventlet until it is eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  builds an uuid[ from the specified block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup an pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   virtualenv
truth:  create   a

test:  find the first tree of the given node which is not in the given node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  find   translate
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show information on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  report   report

test:  given an iterable which is the same dimension as the specified list .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  given   url
truth:  null   null

test:  adds to resource context .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a version string .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  float float to string with the given locale number formatted as a string .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  float   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  stop all the containers that belong to the specified containers cli example: .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   in
truth:  is   null

test:  register a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  register   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a version of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the "natural" netmask of a given object .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return true if the given object is a generator for it .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  loads the template at path .
truth: render config template . 
test:  loads   render
truth:  config   config

test:  returns the expected backend class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get the results of artist .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  get   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   get_id
truth:  return   return

test:  validates the modules when .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validates   polynomial
truth:  limit   limit

test:  tests that arent visible or renders the ado error .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove special directories which are created by the folders of the test .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a class that actually be used to dynamically load a class instance .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  converted a thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  import   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess the difference between file string .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test that our user can run statements .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   print
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate a collection of closed mappings .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  parses   convert
truth:  converts   entry

test:  a url that will push the service .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the global solve() to use .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import unsigned comprehensive indices from python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  import   function
truth:  if   null

test:  takes the data contained in a the cell .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the facebook automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check function of newton .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  function   formatter
truth:  do   one

test:  check whether a mime is a valid string of the form type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new default header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return snapshots that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  the expected logarithm of the unit function .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a list of all namespaces in the namespace that are loaded or less than the user .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  raises   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of the django style sql statements for the currently created by the user .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  create the threadpool device .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  because this proxmox will been switched into templates .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  force   a
truth:  rectified   null

test:  decode the image shape to unicode output from batch_sort .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the new account manager .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a config file into parent_dir and all directories .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the given amount formatted for a pattern .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  transform color values of a given image coordinates .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a list of requirements requirements for the specified requirements from the master .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   bson
truth:  get   get

test:  add the given path to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   paths
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a sms parameter to extract the given path and add it as an object .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  construct   project
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps six in source thrown in python 8280 .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  given a tuple of tuples .
truth: print returns . 
test:  given   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all running job files .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  list   list
truth:  if   test

test:  a simple helper method for the given message .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode path from url => list path; .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates contacts as followers of a device .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   thread
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load certificates from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  c -> str list converts from the given locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  import   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a llvm timeout with the given value to the given value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  output   null
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification access .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   request
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  mutual mutual matrix to validate between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  adjusted   words
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its registry .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a set of functions that are used to store into the given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   replace
truth:  write   version

test:  helper to format the magnetic field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  do   null

test:  a equals directory and returns sensor .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  write   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  helper function for go through the request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  matrix expansion of the permutation which is the series of n .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the logarithm of a wishart matrix to the expected value of the wishart .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  compute   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher publishes results from the build failure that will only yaml: unsafe build without the user for the job .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns list of packages and directories within the system .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  list   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  the main axes of a running image .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 and a converted matrix .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   truth
truth:  compares   null

test:  the inverse of array that uses the signer function .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get all datacenters matching the specified datacenter or datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return host and port .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  host   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  some pure python function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run the main module with the given filename .
truth: gui test . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms id to use for the specified cloud provider .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates floatingip information cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  rrule the event events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  parse   event
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the next information on the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an crypto formatted number of available cache .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a newline on python 3 support for production code .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  default   stream
truth:  construct   a

test:  extract group type from a group type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   get

test:  execute the addon supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of otu dicts calculate the specified otu table after the semvers file .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  make   n

test:  returns a dictionary of absolute paths to all the configurations in a directory .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a string using the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space or byte string of hex characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user given its primary user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an owner group ingress from an ec2 security security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  using   null
truth:  authorize   network

test:  escape the tooltip tool as string by a node .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  escape   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  a simple wrapper around tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the date of a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  null   timezone

test:  irelevant correlation of two numpy arrays .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  null   l2
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey report inside a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  return extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  newlines   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: promoted-build trigger a job .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  ip   ip

test:  returns a pickleable object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  calculates   find
truth:  get   get

test:  for temporary directories that dont need to dump on config directory .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  like   wrapper
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if a survey needs to be executed .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a more list to be replaced with their arguments .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip / superserver .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorates a function to be run when the demo execution .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a datetime object of timezone in utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  test redis email for serving email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  getting   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array with evenly spaced endpoint from the supplied ip6 representation .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  statuses index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   status
truth:  index   index

test:  list the directories .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   check
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  fork   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up an image from image .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  user handler .
truth: log out . 
test:  redirects   redirect
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance in media list .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  lock   media
truth:  index   index

test:  return the indices of a elements of the array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   return
truth:  array   array

test:  is this the user authentication based on admin user roles .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   user
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if a list is currently installed value .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   implementation
truth:  to   checks

test:  loads the aligned session and release their traffic server .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print a help message .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   information

test:  read the json file and return a dict .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  read   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test reading and writing of issues should only work on readback functions .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  warning   in
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to an object by default json code or sparsearray .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a rackspace driver instance by the current thread .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  grabs   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  do elements of grouped by many elements along the lowest parameter_object_overrides .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  do   pad
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the contents of the dataset and passes their content type .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  get information for a package or a dictionary of information .
truth: return package info . 
test:  get   null
truth:  package   package

test:  returns a bad value to see if given variables exists .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  gives   null

test:  return an instance of data .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   api
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for qemu-img inputs .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sleep whether or not the "restart sleeps sleeps .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  uninstall a qt_log_ignore with commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  uninstall   time
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a blueprints .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  send   start
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate an oauth response at url and return a request token with it at the given request and oauth the request token to be sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads the list of checksd .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns a decorator that checks if the user is supported in the given function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  retrieve all keys in pending context: .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  signal   multiple
truth:  handle   handle

test:  updates context from a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  null   in

test:  check if the current server is running on this minion cli example: .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  same as twisted .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convenience function for the currently checked out to connect to a string .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  function   bytes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  the callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   data
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   wrapper
truth:  marks   a

test:  for all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  weighted   get
truth:  place   place

test:  check docstring docstring docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   delete
truth:  revoke   network

test:  dummy function for doctesting error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  like   test
truth:  null   something

test:  return an action for the request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  the inverse of ros -> maker .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  project   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  test cookiecutter with no exceptions .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current routing line of a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   version
truth:  create   create

test:  determine if an instance is running on the adblock object .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if the specified disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test +10 line in '14 .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   test
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  formats a backend string and returns it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  gets   record
truth:  null   lhs

test:  check table of #3319 data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert an data array to pointer byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  produce   string
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do not allow anything to middleware .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an integer and a slice from a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   attempt
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  generate sql params from pandas pandas pandas params .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a number to a 1d string .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  change   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url to the working directory .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   python
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of warnings installed on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   merge
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  html-escape string to return string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  string   try
truth:  if   check

test:  get a raw namespace string for a single database or an existing namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  string   string

test:  get the difference between two ticks .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as a packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if an error message when using a non-existing exception identifier is not a numeric exception that advanced 409 .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fill useless differential element to node with the regex .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a new figure for a file .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  change the previously registered modules if config is not supported .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the xml element by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a hash of the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  check if a specified name is not being passed to the system cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  update a url or directory .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  update   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names for the given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  test for a given version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  test   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new instance type and constructed data structure .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the atomic type for the given payload type 0 .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  add the client to the client server .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  add   request
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a storage instance and returns the vocabulary .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   compute
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a backup volume for a service connection .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  transform weeks values into one of the weeks form .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message of the given thread indexed by [exploration_id] .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  ensures the gives is available .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  capa   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the given encoding with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  check a new lsb_release with a previously relevant archive .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames merge merge merge with a new user to rename aws versions .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   configuration
truth:  rename   rename

test:  simple test of how vlanhost directories .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  index index in the index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic for 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a small utility function to determine if a class may return true if the given class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a test info in a nice line .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  print   print

test:  helper method to return a new role from bucket not removed or expired .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  if the vlan is network .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  write user to options .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a local configuration changes for the specified config .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   overrides
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the *expr* is enhanced .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   =
truth:  import   import

test:  create snapshot with fetches data .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   set
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative product of a and a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read a connections request based on the tool shed api and return the response .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  check   calling
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to set the state of the current default state .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  function   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  the download file should not normally only when it is only accepts the file extension and set .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   max
truth:  read   read

test:  test if a string can be converted to a valid value .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   validation

test:  attempts to determine whether obj is the passed in from a string .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a value to use by name cli example: .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  ensure the named user is before the managed managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  compile a string "s" into a kind of values .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a :(%) chart using color-coded <bokeh .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set all the diff value in a list proposed .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  changes   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test unicode for unicode logger when no job was needed for bytes .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  apply the corner of a corner corner chunks of the given corner adding the corner corner the image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  pads   apply
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a helper: between two model verbose for a given object .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict of an error if an existing routes dict is attempt to filter .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  applies   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a command on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  check knob function this is a string with nonvoid .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  check   table
truth:  if   self

test:  set up the lock time the lock will been quickly .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  saves   return
truth:  time   time

test:  creates a repository .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  for tests using confirmation email address and returns the user account .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the name path without the file path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is a n*m integration .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  is   show
truth:  show   show

test:  strips extension and 1 input string .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  strips   extension
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent of the process with the given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  returns   parent
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a bipartite matrix given as a bipartite matrix given as a bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this is required to make the style style version .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  is   exception
truth:  return   a

test:  create a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  create   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  cancels the running image with built-in -d size .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  is   null

test:  parses xml file for warning! or electric .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a list of all added files first in the node that have a given node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  module   titles
truth:  to   null

test:  get the date based on the given date .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   date

test:  get list of min_samples_split to build one with select() .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  ripple and return data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  zdt3   changes
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the versions of a file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  extract translatable name from the name of each slash .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  extract   shortcut
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   node
truth:  like   node

test:  set up filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run the given command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable the system module to be disabled .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  disable   mock
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure *args* are equal properly equal within specified length .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   variables
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  safely traverse a resource in the pool of a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   partition

test:  removes one or more filters files to a file .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clear out the data structure .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   decorator
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator that checks if the given dtypes kind with any of its dtypes .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test for use in indexer .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to convert an ascii string to a unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  if   rendering
truth:  object   object

test:  perform a name from a service .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience wrapper for *keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the regex for given name .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  return the mnist data as a training dataset .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  loads the old tree given the name and compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  to   number
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test cluster points in various craigslist matrix .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  convert an rpc-safe datetime to a string .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this is intended to make unit test suite .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  is   push
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return information about the ref specified in the memcache level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a private key from a pkcs#8 interface .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   move
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if http status code is currently running .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  select   in
truth:  keep   null

test:  returns a mock xml document representing xml attributes .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns header headers example for the given http response name and return a list of tuples .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read the data from the given file as a nice file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path for executable executable in this directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on return .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: claim-build send files a game .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a value in bytes to human readable form .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  format   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the chisquare distance between two independent distribution parameters invalid : array-like returns chisquare factors .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  calculates   function
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the ohmid sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate a drop-in .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  template   print
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns an open numpy array with nested alternatives .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   mean
truth:  generate   generate

test:  determine if the specified functions can be used to generate unique functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the filename name :type modname: str :type modname: str .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  detaches an existing virtual machine name .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a collection user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  note a socket is loaded and installs it .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  prompts the applied path for sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a global global ui class .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the given code is set correctly .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a dictionary to an ordereddict of items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a binary binary tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  show   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  code that are not installed .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  code   structure
truth:  check   check

test:  return schema object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for single word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that imageidfield inside a plugin plugin has visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy an shutil to its file .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  execute a sql program given the specified jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convenience function for converting a tree to a tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  rms   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  register oulines from a module name .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  register   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse vlan ranges into a dictionary of networks .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   crc
truth:  interpret   a

test:  save the editor configuration value .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   show
truth:  called   null

test:  return data for the pbkdf2 data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return vpn data from group .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random # of the same dimension as comments .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   randomly
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name for this webapp based on the passed version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  gets   null

test:  a simple login handler for requests .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the cached file from the source location .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  loop loop until an open lli loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   modules
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   a
truth:  listing   listing

test:  set logger for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  simulate the pyflakes in the leveraged_etf / loads from the given tree .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return a list of the names of a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   get
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  null   load
truth:  work   work

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  return the foreign key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check for a user is "comment .
truth: check acls . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the eigh communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext with the plaintext encrypted block key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   returns
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  null   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a sequence of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check that the tasuki is none or completions .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  format   filesystem
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property character or properties .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  mimic pending pending deterministic .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  updates   socket
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return the name of the python source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the standard error for the samples .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  return whether we can generate a living for a given key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a mock of connections used as an old thats unique name .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and resource .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current env' database .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert a list of numbers to homogeneous 1-d node .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  bitcast stack pointer by displayable at given unix pointer .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  build a dataset for a given dataset using starcluster .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  null   project
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a polygon from a cycle graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  creates   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the current user name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield successive n-sized size in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  have   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a service to the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  send   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  converts an input array to rg .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  transforms   rgb
truth:  return   shape

test:  display product onto the inclusion_no_params_from_template filters .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  default   shows
truth:  to   null

test:  store an submitted message when a job was posted .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  use   null
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap tree from a saml tree and returns a dictionary of saml models .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  build the signal from the subprocess .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  build   osx
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  if you get a user in the app .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  register   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove explicit list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> extract_diagonal .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  boolean   node
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  calculates seq to use for elements .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  seq   number
truth:  count   count

test:  returns points of coords at coords .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the domain is a request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten all items in dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  make   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return the module version of the module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   get
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration option .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a new node and submit it .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show out what the data only** file is the first assignment_operator arguments: buf: list of data data data to be the file returns: a list .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  displays   file
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a number of human-readable items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  coefficients   s
truth:  return   a

test:  assigns the explicit role for a target user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  performs   role
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   one
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails generates the job codes for grails client :arg mr results of mappings .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   finder
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the string from the registery .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  remove   find
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open file path .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   a
truth:  open   a

test:  checks if the python version is the python version from the python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  redash   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  reshapes the given parameters .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  db   remove
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the discovery switches .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a simple view that is requested .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  perform   page
truth:  null   dummy

test:  import a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a suitable window for the current thread .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that applies a function and a newly class to be accessed helps .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  composite networks and start: y_t for current_path std .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  log   history

test:  converts rgb to hex locations .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   a

test:  given the compiler compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test that an exception throws a string with a no expression .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  format   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check an ndarray array or a list of ndarray .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become time .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  gets source and add to the console .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  generate   include
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize the abi file handle formatted entries from a nexml record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   program
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the luhn number of even digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  select sql keys in a list of tuples .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   letter
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the default storage storage path .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function to support format_html in html way .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   null

test:  escapes the given string for use in a url .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a validator that asserts that the error validator doesnt exist .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  validate   predicate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  application-specific an ascii string for a given string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  uses   am
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network api: to a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contourf feature and labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   image

test:  display the courses version page .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  display   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a hex string as a byte string .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  github issue :codeauthor: quantities .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  see   null

test:  default text for the string using the desired text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  there are imports since the threading will serialize this state: .
truth: internal function . 
test:  pending   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to non by an object protected .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to return the maximum source for a source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  tests   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  copy gradient data onto one or more volumes in volume direction .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  add   counts
truth:  correct   correct

test:  loads a notebook object with the notebook parameters .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if package is installed .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  given the model class .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render template to a user .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  token   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the state of the style database .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  product of the correct kind of a positive .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  use this to set the tenant credentials to the given tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validate cache .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  given a resource name .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a path points to a symbolic reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the named container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  clean   blocks
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all databases in a particular credentials .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   shorthand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  this function checks to see if a file folder is a filesystem .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string representing the form range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with arr permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a block volume id to a corresponding volume name .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the number of integer .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  identify   values

test:  dashboard widgets with preselected widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  normalize slugify .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  normalize   unicode
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup object(s) arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  xml   parse
truth:  setup   argument

test:  does this string contain a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  does   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  gets a locks xml for a node by the path to the symlink .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert have? to home assistant frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  convert   distance
truth:  signal   signal

test:  error is an error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  is   source
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: dit trigger non-parametrised test results .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks that a class is a fully editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns a path with absolute paths into a list of filesystem path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex color into cookie: .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  gets the name of the user that contains .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  performs an email when a given link is attached .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   add
truth:  email   email

test:  word the sequence as a string for each line .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  given   join
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the directory contents of this repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert string to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph n that is the leading interval of g or equal to a given number .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a fif compatible document object .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts the list of mean calls for a given list of roles .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert a list of xml into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  initialize the rows in the vectors score .
truth: train model . 
test:  set   list
truth:  model   model

test:  acquire individual theyre in the same name .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  add   a
truth:  read   a

test:  send a message to the user .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  send   decorator
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return an array with dummy args for each variable .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   object
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if arg is a list of lists .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  checks if the given code should be read from generators using the given tokens .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  null   null
truth:  code   code

test:  returns the latest package for a given package accepts both the upgrade or partial name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that table optimizer arent in the only one column names is not found .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  doing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the individual info of static and the entire graph .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements needed for django 1 .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  just like :py:func:cmd .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  provides the beacon template in the intelligent of the request .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  checks that all mocks and worker drawing are tagged .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is an integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   list
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a fresh copy of the given users dashboard activity dashboard activity dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a file into a path .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  insert   render
truth:  specified   null

test:  converts arrays to a theano matrix .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  finds   methods
truth:  function   function

test:  run test on input data .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate the given flags against a string containing the given name .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the encoder of a qpointf object .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  list   plugin
truth:  null   null

test:  copy strings to unicode if it isnt already .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  force   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to be a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal a parent template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  parses   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path to the packages that belong those in previous_labels .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  see connectivity .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  see   attempt
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a return b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   null
truth:  note   in

test:  take x_i object or list of x_i labels .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  object   a
truth:  adapt   data

test:  test if a task raises an exception .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that download_file messages are properly displayed in a request .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  module   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the import value is an existing file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  test   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract all strings from a environment from a list of strings .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload piece of megabytes .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  null   a
truth:  -   -

test:  report report report in the inches format .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  report   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate that the given name is an appropriate bfr[bracket .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieve a trace object by name .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns source & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  write   one

test:  returns a unique stable stable of an iterable .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses the datatype to a string .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  parses   exception
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compute maxfilter-formatted distance between two 2-dimensional arrays at the bounds .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  ordered   null

test:  move a libzmq file into .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  compress   users
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and invalid order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   builder

test:  convert a vector to the empty matrices from data** gracefully .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  mean   fill
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the number of no_content for a rectangle in server:port order .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  tuple   merge
truth:  produce   a

test:  split the given functions into a list of functions .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge raw jobs from jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  called   in

test:  create a certificate for a specific instance node .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  compute   greyscale
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  get a given show/movie for all activities .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and converts newlines into a line - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace before the
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  define   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a task eta as a triple .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  reads the process with the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return a transaction object for the named vm data .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns true if the value is an infinite header header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the identity for a given module and url for a given module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts windows to long int .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  convert   entry
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  finds the maximum number of elements where none differ from the smoothness .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  finds   max
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of d .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an bytes .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  validates that a 'treebeard' is installed in the dependencies of a given flask application .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert adds the trend report for scoverage requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   broadcast
truth:  null   null

test:  return the content of a domain or an empty string .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   works
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a single space list with a list of "remainder .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  check usage usage usage for user and create a quota value .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables of oslo .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  add recording environment for memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  add   datetime
truth:  start   recording

test:  will build the published count .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  to   vm
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a new user with the it .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a new private keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   hours
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum inconsistency coefficient for each non-singleton linkage .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  convert a string to a thats blank code .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  format image types to a 2d disk with correct parameters .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  format   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean up after possible incomplete test runs .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  loads and returns a list of dictionaries for a given file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  run   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a sending session for the sending :return: json folder .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  the function that returns a static whitespace statements for a single transaction .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  check   error
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is true .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a given output to a beets string .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  return experiment -- returns a list of experiment traffic and returns the replacements result for request and returns a single post .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copy data and serialize the atexit casting .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   returns
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to scan the brick records for brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  remove all directories that depend on the filesystem .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  remove   apply
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  asserts and outputs a file that returns either a temporary url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   output
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a signal number .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  given   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a remote host on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert the first kind of x and returns the open frequency to x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function to decode a requests socket .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an object .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  get the size of a boolean value with the corresponding bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the entire colors that is the same as backend_name by sorting a given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  count the number of permutations to as an array at 1 .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   format
truth:  null   null

test:  return the relative two radon tests .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all matches from the base commands .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for linear clusters from the appropriate request of its error message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  select   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test that raw objects fits and the data .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   collection
truth:  default   default

test:  get the facebook automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to the given value by the given value .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  find an ip address in the specified server with normalization specified length .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  find   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  find the given html url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named file is absent name the name of the user to remove file to remove the file to connect to the host to connect to the results to
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   merge
truth:  make   null

test:  plot vc for vc and save plots .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   create
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method for the given name or none .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  import migration from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  computation of 0 .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   network
truth:  return   return

test:  list extension from web server .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate valid adjustment .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  has   null

test:  add an event to the log vhost .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  certificate   event
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an email to the log messages .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  merge   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  always returns the shape function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete features that can be discrete in an intersection of features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of random fields for the given cpu .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  ljust -> int list field from a number of control text .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch valid json object from google cloud account .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  stop the skin operator and make changes .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  stop   callback
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get root data .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  function   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  rename a temporary directory by a specified location .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  rename   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  take links from the given url and return the content .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  retrieve   urls
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a wald list of switched points .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restful crud table to match a particular resource .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  input   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generates a list of activity lines for a given patterns .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the httplib of the given buffer with the given data .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  converts a data structure to a dictionary for shell information .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  format   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all tool shed files for a repository defined in the tool shed to retrieve the type of a repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the entries that are not enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  display   a

test:  get the leaf tree with the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  get   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns a extension string by etcd for the given path .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the directory .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   download
truth:  base   base

test:  checks if the given data is a readable socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all filters .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id selector with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wait until the server responds to modify threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  send   object
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate pseudorandom pseudorandom pseudorandom length .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  remove a user a member of an organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy source_path to output_path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a string value to a string containing minor .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  execute a command and add minion .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   load
truth:  execute   fun

test:  sends notification to staff .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  sends   standard
truth:  show   system

test:  link for looking in the document .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   link

test:  create a temporary directory that is created when it is exist .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given the contents of something which were completely based on the given graph .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest data as dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  upload the fn: to get yaml document files .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign data to the per-cpu functions in the module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that makes sure the flask tests are no tests that has been testsuite when all tests stored in the module with the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  wrapper around years .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   mail
truth:  function   function

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  package   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value for a site .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return the list of all of the hosts associated with each of the specified domains cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the default widget tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a target .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  show   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  resets the user to reset in use when csrf finding sent :return: a dict that is not yet been run .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns user and minor days of the given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  return   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful controller - used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the airy function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  wrapper to handle the current locale in their own language code .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  to   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the scaled loss parameters .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  performs a function that returns successfully for the given parallel instance .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  null   element

test:  create a template that renders a template as you can use the extracted rendering the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the last api version that is equal to flask .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  enhanced   attributes
truth:  manage   paths

test:  given an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  given   update
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the modules in the astropy modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   add
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all available plugins cli example: .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   running
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the script from a script with the specified name .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and install rpc-server for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   prints
truth:  create   create

test:  iterate over samples .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  iterate   tests
truth:  splits   x

test:  get the correct unit unit corresponding to the file .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert matrices from a/b .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  filter   functionality
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and initialize a new equalizer value .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a save instance corresponding to the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  adds appengine model instance to the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  injects   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  when the simulate from the given path path .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  null   path
truth:  null   null

test:  take one or more information .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to copy resource limits of the process .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple of version information .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user from post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load the path to the type .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  efficiently generate b*sin matrix of points in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for logical property value .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a function from a virtual network name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   method
truth:  match   match

test:  read stats stats for the specified .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   value
truth:  read   read

test:  test cross-validation of data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  code   tfr
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of polynomials representing the given list of python lines .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: build-user-vars trigger the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  a register to automatically support the docs area .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  open   test
truth:  generates   a

test:  safely load the system and return its resulting .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query to connect to the scripts server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  given a file path return a list of valid index .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  given   import
truth:  given   import

test:  verifies the create key type depends on their corresponding objects and passes the key .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   list
truth:  verify   user

test:  does rendered behaviour for displaying .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   render
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for getting selectors .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  null   javascript
truth:  given   a

test:  this is a deprecated graph of 'pydot how to return a string of e .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the purged payload object from a json question .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  get the first record for the category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  get   override
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from the category .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given a hierarchy of json and a new object .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  handle   handle

test:  runs a comprehension .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an data in data starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value to an ascii string value .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  value   value
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are using the _ function to
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a filename for relative url format .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  wrapper around the stochastic algorithm with stochastic actions .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the vm .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return the object with the given object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console buffer for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the argparse parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  loop   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of member information for this minion cli example: .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the location of this instance .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the last access score string that should .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  an test suite should only be able to unicode instances .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  multivariate   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given encoding encoding for the current site .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  convenience method to return a db for a particular report_file .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   in

test:  find the given setting for the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  find   a
truth:  function   function

test:  use this to save the telemetry code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  code   code

test:  for due to the current thread .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given url has a cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  context manager for :term:view host and wasnt environment variables .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   replace
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the pointer is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  get the comments from a list of comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds a ids to an event lock .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  if   null

test:  certificate certificate certificate is enabled by the user .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  null   in
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  rnn rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  null   case
truth:  return   return

test:  get an instance of sections .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file containing the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  default colors .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   queries
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the returned object is *not* .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert id to asfortranarray bit .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  array   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  takes   a

test:  compute a list of tuples .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the full response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the object that can be json .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a condition to the array or synth:<params> values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  args response .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the user based on the passed username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  extract the authsub headers from an http request or a gettext request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  factory for an object that are available for an object with each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote system url .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if the current media player is seekable' .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   current
truth:  is   null

test:  displays a file descriptors and returns the system filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  check that a checks works as an expected tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a version of a secret signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  helper for quickly adding the grant to the http objects .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  changes   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the first cost function is set and fetches blocks .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a pep 302 error if the cuda driver fails to initialize .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  return a verification with an existing xsrf key that is filled with test values .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the full space type .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the latest packages of the remote update when this module is run in the latest process with the latest update too too :code:<your .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  do   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  a special characters that just ignores special characters .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the encoding used by the given format .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  user edit with preselected edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that "camera" image is consistent in the expected error .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  activate all firewall status cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  string   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  this makes sure that value is not an exception .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  returns   validation
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision on this platform .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts string to a course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  string   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test reading a issue describes tables .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  reading   method
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authenticate against docker server .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a itemif users users users incrontab .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names and present in the given list of modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  the signal-to-noise minimum number for each pixel tuple .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   signal
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize all mappers that contain the corresponding mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  set dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks a sequence of ips .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  format   a

test:  checks if the user can run a backreturn flags .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  the standard normal distribution function for y .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  compute   improvement
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to reset user has expired or coordinator .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   users
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder -> str create rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  interpret   plot
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve a stylesheet attribute from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns optimal with a list of valid values .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  same as twisted since it does not fail on epoch .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  value   register
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps data to statas types for stata .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  maps   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  validate a string .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a valid subset of the given cache cache with path names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  find the 'shape attribute of a variable inputs .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get preferred environment preferred to connect to preferred file encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  preferred   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes cache storage file .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  send a feedback suggestion and the given recipients object .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local peers type .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random random sample zone .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a boolean numpy array of values .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start the proxy settings for the given serial port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  start   spec
truth:  config   config

test:  yes/no sorted content at least max_depth .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  express   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given user has the amino to the current user .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a images] frame for a given numpy array .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  using   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all changes in the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  display   indexes
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules ids in the given dir .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default default type of this closure .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  build   handler
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  implementation of a user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill the loop for a line that may be an infinite table .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   quote
truth:  add   add

test:  split a dbkey into a list of 3 parts .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  split   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  translate ids to the directory containing the given path and a file .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  translate   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  this function is used to attach globally globally globally by wink days 2) source_path fail to attach files .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  function   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns a list of all the known settings for this auth .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update a command line interface and return a one .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  generate morphological positions of fit for zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the latest element made by a given setting .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  pick   pick

test:  make the nested input .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language regions for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get inset path .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for a given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of all returner returner for a given package .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters from tied cases .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return a list of valid packages passed into the specified pkginfo cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the entire reads object and return a triple .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that this works like a issue .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  test   null
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view page .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  return availability of availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the paragraphs that is currently on .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a single field from a google field .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert the given object into a plain form .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given javascript is set .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  takes a list of avatar and returns a handle .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an unix ticks from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the file with the given name .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find the next totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  find   url
truth:  running   running

test:  manage the cache file to the cache filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apply a task to each value from the specified title .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  view   null
truth:  module   module

test:  simple function to return a list of tuples that automatically deletion or admin viewer .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt the user to choose between options and choices .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  migrate the database under the database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the given urls passed to work for the given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  joins an ascii data into sorted list of dicts .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the error key type .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  error   storage
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterator over all elements of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  seq   paths
truth:  null   null

test:  converts the second weekday to the gregorian window representing the number of saturday since weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  converts   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a list of input configuration definitions .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a decorator that allows you to return the console ip addresses .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   properties
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get directory to set for fasta/qual home directory .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  get   a
truth:  using   registry

test:  returns only one of the migration records that make sense .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  clear   null

test:  read a store_fs for a github file and store .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  read   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a single attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  find   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a set of indices with a 2d subset of the spline dict .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  format   field
truth:  null   spline

test:  make command line flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  create history for history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  create   function
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the tpot optimization optimization can accept monitored by monitored when we dont crash .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename class for this minion cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the status of the current process .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  escape <sonarqube+plugin> version of a web version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  escape   formats
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to decorator that applies a decorator to cache the site .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns path component of absolute components .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  clean   path
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  split a string into a comma-separated .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  split   count
truth:  does   null

test:  transform from binary repr into integer .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return a total album object and number of seconds .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for right' .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a datastore .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for @subclass .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  -   obj
truth:  assuming   a

test:  runs a process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  null   worker
truth:  runs   a

test:  get the name of the current image .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels and installs dependencies of wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a service name for the given service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize is existing html with existing path and .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   members
truth:  run   a

test:  the issue of a iteratively test set test values to writing .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urlscm poll a job for urlscm scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  template tag for all registered build command .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  called   show
truth:  point   point

test:  convert columns to an existing data .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   add
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return indentation type voice by non-empty methods .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get tuple of projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a file from the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for filters that will check for testing this is a list of numbers .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  require a string by adding the environment variables .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  supply   null

test:  returns a tuple with new shape .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  either create a new directory and register files in current directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  add   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  try to find the compiler compiler with the given jail .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  to   check
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set transformations on charset .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  run   encode
truth:  generate   a

test:  used by :mod:__future__ .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  mail   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verifies that the contents of names are available as an ssh index .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  verifies   helper
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a single vm .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  query   a

test:  parse http http header into http http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  log sum of the input array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  attributes   attribute
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper for format_list(extract_stack) et block attributes .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  adds   getattr
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute 6 of boto h: are choicelist .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  pick   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  common code to email when an email processor was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  code   html
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a parent template extends a set of alike .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  create   loop
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return an subclassed error message in the sites error .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  return   list
truth:  renders   null

test:  cause validity about suffix .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  checks if a container is container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  perform a softmax of the maximum reverse zero zero .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  perform   details
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters that single pattern characters passed to a readable pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert a string to a human readable string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to fasta which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  filtered   null

test:  returns a useful useful for extensions .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  build   a
truth:  read   head

test:  convert list to string .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  list   list
truth:  to   null

test:  return the 'sqrtn' :typetype of the order distribution .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  return   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  advance iterator 0 .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  rotate   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  format the time in seconds to the format .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the output from request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   fill
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the step_definitions feature with no successful table names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the information about the xblocks xblocks for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option with 2 empty fill option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   test
truth:  fill   fill

test:  return the initialization where a given instructortask entry is currently in the task and the response .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  mask mask from a periodic graph .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if path is a link and is an absolute path .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   check

test:  lower common fail for .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an pickling callback .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   none
truth:  create   a

test:  unconditionally skip test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the given directory .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the specified time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  generates a random pages for the given wiki dataset .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  build   titles
truth:  get   a

test:  loads the cuda header from the jitinfo server options .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  loads   resource
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to a float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parses a variable and returns the corresponding root tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  look   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context activation reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return whether the python installation supported in the chassis .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  select   a

test:  joins up local variables .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  returns an application whose gradient class is the given query .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  returns   commands
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the line matches the expression data for all composed of the expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  search   a

test:  path to a cascade zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  null   zip
truth:  compress   null

test:  the default list for packages must be able to compare the child mappings .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   sessions

test:  apply the list of grouped data to a resamples .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  apply   data
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the article article for a given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  checking   returns
truth:  decide   null

test:  load the basic auth id or none .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  load   config
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks whether a certain version matches the given module and returns true if the given version is not .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  kargs exception for shell information .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sets the context variables to use in the current django context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  set   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate from the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  returns a {'n' kick expression .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  controls   controls

test:  open the data for key should all eval key .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  null   add
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a list of public ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a put user .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order mu differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  null   null

test:  use the output of decoded ip to retrieve the output from the class-based command to retrieve the formats .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  server   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools setuptools for a python setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the value to the upper warning .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   text
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix note: currently very expensive examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  validate indexers files .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generate the unique key by the pool module .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  return predefined volume info .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  add   return
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  force force to be a series of values .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  force   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  evaluate the given line line at the given lines[line diff of the first word in the given lines[line line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the specified node .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a directory for all the files brew given in the directory brew .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get a utf-8 string representation of utfbytes .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  get   s
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid anywhere calling a non-geographical type for the specified country object .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  passport - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return dhcp path for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  create an lines that can be executed after realizing to the caller .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return minimum integer n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the integer representation of an ip address to host .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert time zone string to timestamp .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  mount the quota report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  caching   max
truth:  report   report

test:  return the python version as a string with __init__ .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  reading   current
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: pluginelement this plugin allows you to keep builds .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the string extract the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test test if resetting is raised if functions this is not implemented .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a git path name into one path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the url to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   python
truth:  decode   a

test:  show information of a step in an xml way .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  object   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple wrapper of creating a module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  takes   show
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add beveled geometryoutput .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   add

test:  simple wrapper around namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with the given response prefix .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  execute queries from db .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  detects   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy files from provided package parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  files   tarball
truth:  persist   parser

test:  sort the list of pairs .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that the list of files are in the given whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a rpc instance for a given datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if printing file changes were changed .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  using   runs
truth:  open   svg

test:  unpack chunks of chunks from length chunks .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  chunks   method
truth:  null   method

test:  check the line and column number for the ast .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get the com object for a module .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a certificate request .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 cache directory .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the most recently in the given word .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to keep information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] -- shows the keys matching the select allows passed by the path .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checking for testing problem to make sure elements that fails .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   test
truth:  m   m

test:  return a list of indices to a users incrontab and how to change to the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  find mapreduce in current directory containing mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  find   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which applies a test case if unittest is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  filters any python files in a directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterator   os
truth:  iterate   null

test:  reads the logger configuration variables and returns them .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  to   null
truth:  have   null

test:  create a python widget function with a ssl/tls .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  create   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the ia lookup dict .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate children] .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   commands
truth:  validate   children

test:  entry point for pods process .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  create   create

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  replace   in
truth:  patch   patch

test:  helper function to convert image data to wmf raster .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get skipped or for testing with a directory .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  translate an identity to the strings in a sequence of spaces .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  join   display
truth:  returns   a

test:  an internal helper to get a char .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  get new elements and process it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all items from the given a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a list of archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns bitmap with the image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns an iterator over n chunks of the iterable as a generator that yields n by looking for the given iterable of length n .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return virtual memory usage information for given python module .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  return   testing
truth:  null   memory

test:  load the configuration imports and return the specific plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  load   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a mongodb database object or instance jboss_config cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend for an sm backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a iqn based on the target server .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  download   one
truth:  parse   parse

test:  allow view to select a request and add it to it the requested indentation .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  allow   use
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if the given text is a valid html string .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   connection
truth:  create   database

test:  installs a specific version of the given version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  (check -> observations for our samples see :func:_access_rule .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  null   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   stream
truth:  redirect   a

test:  generate given mode value .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a documentation for a user in the sentence section .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   standard
truth:  annotate   a

test:  ensure that a particular exam is enabled for a given course .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  context   add
truth:  add   in

test:  plaintext one or more lines of single lines in a public line use with whitespace characters .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a path to an object .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   code
truth:  remove   a

test:  return 6 table from a given 1w3d6h .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   scaling
truth:  return   matrix

test:  helper for checking for xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  function   function
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  fill the length-byte notebook cell to the notebook parameters cell : str code to be sent over a code .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  =   multiple
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous anonymous user object that should be used for permission checks .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates a access_level aes line breaks .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix a dotted-path module in the python module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  grabs   =
truth:  replace   division

test:  registers a fresh event on a tmpdir/config event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   status
truth:  get   container

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a document .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two parsed files .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization and flash rendered by a .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  generates   null

test:  construct an attribute string from the given coordinate instance the returned attribute of nagios-appropriate and returns a unicode object that is a dictionary of attributes .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   patch
truth:  construct   null

test:  4-byte string must all files contained within this path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  string   escape
truth:  normalize   a

test:  request request .
truth: new item form . 
test:  request   value
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a prepopulated form for a prepopulated form for the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns an iterator over all errors in the given list of connections .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  determines if the executable has a local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json string or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  compute the rsa message value from the rsa number .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  draw   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  given a url and a salt:// url; return the content .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  given   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a human-entered has been executed .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  check   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify that long references of class can be instantiated .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  send   addition
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node for the given node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the contents of the given description file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   web
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  a test to ensure that the kernel heartbeat is present in the bytecode .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  test   list
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register multiple definitions .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   value
truth:  register   register

test:  close a specific configuration object for use with database; .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  register all callback and callback for the given string .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if the given string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the query string to the query string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  encodes   url
truth:  query   query

test:  remove the specified milestone milestone for the specified content usage by the py_name service .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   api
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if the encoding name resolves to the encoding dict .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  looks up any exception identifier for a variable .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp header and return as byte string .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of tuples of an array which is an optional base .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  get   a
truth:  need   need

test:  dump requests .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  dump   view
truth:  render   a

test:  run a user on gid if it starts a user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add a new queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  add   metadata
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test that a working copy data already exists a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  return username given username or remains in the username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  utility function for simulating xenapi problem .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load every namespaces namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the attributeskey attribute dictionary .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to guess if the files are available .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  to   a
truth:  source   source

test:  hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  null   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a tuple for the given version from the cluster .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  make sure that the path exists .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where delimiter strings were empty string .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query string into a list of strings .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like limit .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   union
truth:  encode   encode

test:  make sure correct channels are singular .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a sorted list of tuples for the given python level .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the details for a vm instance .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  translates a repr param in both the http os codes and then convert them into python errors as the command line length .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the ascii bits in a binary string .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a list of requests from pci alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  separate   get
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a file into a string and return the contents .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a helper function used to generate a random string .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  function   function

test:  change repository to an existing repository and the secrets version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  queries   helper
truth:  context   context

test:  remove all files under os .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  confirm to bokeh-travis resume api is done and is not configured .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new plugins .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   output
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale for the specified category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  adds   code
truth:  fake   version

test:  return a string of zipfile constructed on the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  remove the task that is completely inside the module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  open   user
truth:  build   html

test:  helper: should be typical for a given year .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   bem
truth:  extract   date

test:  filter rules contained in different parameter .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles the app_label file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  handles   tuple
truth:  null   null

test:  set the compiler compiler of c{maintype} and further _ .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  set   compile
truth:  null   inject

test:  get of djangos setting .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the list of regions in the system code that is found in a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a bytestring string which is a python source code .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   images
truth:  function   function

test:  list the monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  look   list
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in the only .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list mounts stuff .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search the given results for a list of results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   dictionary
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate a random letter id with the same length as choices .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a string into an synopsis string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict with keys of a entities domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a new set of all directives is defined in the given set of cyclic_find .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parses the value of the provided devices using the content content and return a python object .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create a dictionary for a process .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  create   in
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from password or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the distance matrix of order n .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  computes   fraction
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the current mysql module .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  get   return
truth:  look   in

test:  build a collection of mappings into account mappings .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast breakage can happen .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the skeleton of a hermitian kaiser .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  get a c{newpath} that the given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if index contains the given latest index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate jobs name from a variable name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert strings to an ascii string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  bytes   escape
truth:  if   null

test:  the api endpoint; .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  find the inventory .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  return constructor using constructor of obj as constructor .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  create   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  restart the quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  restart   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  produce any invalid characters in string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  produce   storage
truth:  string   string

test:  for retrieve staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require the english contenttype language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  the whole domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a response info and return a dict of information .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   key
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check svn for an svn repository changes in svn .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  iterates   iterator
truth:  changes   changes

test:  this makes the basef function that corresponds to basef .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  docstring   use
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis f for variance at the first distribution parameters x : array .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  prompts for interactive values using py .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   return
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests the given image can be compared to a valid regression .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with true when a scenario has least one block .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the return namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return url from an url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   return

test:  check if installed 'conda-v is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  this function logs a test completion .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of markdown extensions that are available for the given markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the pixel iscsi directory .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  converts   layer

test:  direct a template into a context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  format   checks
truth:  null   replacement

test:  reduce the average distance between two probability .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates a file or truncate the given old hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if a media user is not allowed to the media with a given creator .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a finite for the application that doesnt need to run an application .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  make all lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   show
truth:  show   show

test:  prints general results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about multiple dependencies of the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  check that channels in data .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   source
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parses the typedparameter and returns the version of the same stack as argument .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  to   method

test:  this function generates l2 registrations and returns a string containing the user under location separated by tensor_wrap .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  search   builders
truth:  run   run

test:  creates a new computenode and returns a dictionary of data on the specified node pairs .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return an visible frame for the current uninstall or an visible frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns synonyms commands for conversion of the file and - one .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  grab   a

test:  construct a set of list- headers for list- .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  show current character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  append   function
truth:  wrap   table

test:  try to get the timeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   call
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure the path and test cases are using the same path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to escape a genbank pattern as string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  for each time to ensure that returntime appear in returntime .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  null   add
truth:  wait   null

test:  split the directory leading up to the salt cloud storage file .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add the virtual server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  recursively copy a list of size-string to arbitrary condition: objects .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  according   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a sorted colors .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop the docker container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns an instance of the given hyperparameter using the given dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  check if metadata is raw blocks .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  click   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference if it exists .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code back into an integer .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   map
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the given apikey for the given apikey cli example: .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the text with the text text in a file name .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   lines
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a csv digest from the named container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  retain -> character array .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the line of the source line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  for each value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   list
truth:  load   load

test:  remove both logs and version of a file .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  uses   render
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  for an answer and returns the answer .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look up the step data function and returns the appropriate module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  look   check
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure the default true; loaded names when switching models after the function doesnt alter feature .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the find_current_module contains expected data .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  check if hashdb objects are properly a newline .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  check   check

test:  set a symbol for a single date .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  copy target with a given target pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  pops   return
truth:  match   a

test:  some some small tests .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  execute command execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  create an image instance .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a comma .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a helper function to make the decorated function and name of a callable object .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  expose   function
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller @todo: why is visible on an existing module - used by admitting and with it .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the distance between vectors .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a string representation of streams .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new copy" style object or group .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete inventory class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add ssl certificate from the site and an ssl certificate body .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   configuration
truth:  add   custom

test:  if escape characters can escape in data .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries by using data from an instance .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  returns a dict of the "'websocket cache location as an initial template filter cli example: .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide original library so that it is more than one .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that a list of requirements are parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger object dialog with the db given the db definition .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given an http response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  sort   headers

test:  a handle to get a handle to a raw on/off string .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for hupcl .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   run

test:  command line interface for the explode .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  command   line

test:  yield a generator of for each child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the default charset value .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a stacks normalization with the given parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  cycle through the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disables a limit according to the many axes values .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  runs the command line interface via main .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the standard deviation along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  split the minimum output by replacing each row .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  place a database under migration control this should be done for a database .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given an object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  generate all the languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a date/time html file and return a timezone html element .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  exemplify to its reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a configuration for the current deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  logs a jinja template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  test that the dev_appserver url is initialized in the browser .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the results of lines .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy data from all add-ons and append to bundle .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the url#discussion_r22221123 component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to test the class that doesnt need to use to issued .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string of length length according to specification format .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the chamber dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   start
truth:  analyze   a

test:  inject data from a particular module .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  project   step
truth:  used   null

test:  tell the value of a theano declared cli example: .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uninstall an example file from pip works by environmental to work with a pip program .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  return a list of executable arguments along the given axis .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  return   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for shutil .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update defaults for testing purposes with trivial parameters required for testing purposes this adds various parameters required by default parameters required for wsgi purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert tuples to simple oauthtoken or more simple oauthtoken .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   columns
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  perform any series of all the up entries in directory on this system .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  simple case of thread not cause in the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple text works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  import the backends by the names of a module .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that creates a file to easily load a temporary filepath .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  define   contextmanager
truth:  open   temporary

test:  return file from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  converts a string to a comparing or a javascript tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  score   quote
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return the path that is not implemented in the caller .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set the given list of the arguments for the given instance .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  set   options
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  :rtype: configuration changes .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   versions
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the name of a table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function that initializes color and calls another function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  register   try
truth:  function   function

test:  load a resource records from a string of text file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   a

test:  set config for the site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  config   config
truth:  help   help

test:  convert a zmq buffer name to the paypal buffer .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return the object to use in an object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  returns the total summary of a list of strings .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate the input graph along an axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings of a two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran sum of the elements of a matrix .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  compute   norm

test:  in order to find the parent node .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  escape markdown characters .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a separable order order order differential equations using the substitution substitution its removed .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   unicode
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  logs the channel errors .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  logs   str
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the string is a system can be used to check for an executable returns true .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to cloudhsm service :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  this method will delete the courseware related to a course_key for the given course by course_key .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  utility for basic important image .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  generate an stem[ to source of a given 2 .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  slices   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse summary of a boolean expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  function   links
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new knowledge form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check for differences between two sequences .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  check   in
truth:  return   return

test:  verify whether the path is over the given path .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  searches   utility
truth:  if   check

test:  and_expression : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the linear gradient term in the vectors .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return dict of footer links to display in footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of product details .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete rowcount from data where clause where clause where and setting where specified .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   tables
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   exception
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  collect an os files for the tcl files into the specified directory .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test column filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  reading   groups
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  change email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   changes
truth:  email   email

test:  gets the data for the current item in the model .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  simple helper for the maximum condition = ia + $0 .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  return a summary which used by cms fetched note we dont used .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   a
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  format a function for arguments with arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  format   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  global producer objects .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is a root to inject to the key to inject the key to the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  obtain the device name from a device .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  read   in

test:  load the appropriate plugin kind of the given plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  set   set

test:  only load the information of the hypothesis module installed via windows requests/responses cli example: .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  load   load

test:  will got snapshots of a given volume to a new one .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: set the finder-comment of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  template   new
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience function for converting an blocks to a list of blocks to the one or more given block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   fill
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sailthru sailthru cli example: .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  load the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  load   get
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the pdf of a vector with an unsigned image .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  ensure that the named string is a dotted of the known path to the container parent directory is only one or not present .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return status for a dict .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  force   return
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  -   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts a name to the status_code: name with the language name .
truth: if present . 
test:  builds   stubs
truth:  present   null

test:  return the current domain name for the given request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  load f(a) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  load   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list all groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract index data and a lower row of the data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  index   return
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in a prefix .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the appropriate formatting .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return user info for given username .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  return   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  a class decorator for creating a class that should be implemented upon the dictionary of the objects listed in the current dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  null   object
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get an html document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  function   return
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a trophytype subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  tries to return a user with a given user .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  to   shows
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  create a property property with a timedelta properties .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a usable representation of an email address .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  the restful handler for json that tells the token-ids .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   json

test:  only load if the specified services cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_log_destination is facility' facility' .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  decorator: dispatch type: .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a batch of inputs .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  move   override
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  return the expected device name for a particular type and name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  return   stack
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates a random document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parallel decorator .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes a one-dimensional tensor input along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   input
truth:  computes   null

test:  pop 012 from opengl interface .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  pop   calls
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list   .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  show the value of a db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  value   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  remove silently characters from strings .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  like   enumerate
truth:  split   a

test:  update the state of the given instructortask object .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  provides the full or dnorth string .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if after a module is a set of fabtools .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  sample data to a tuple .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove all whole coefficients from f in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  remove   terms
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will run connection when this process specified in the queue context .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  get a new one random number where the imports are in 1 .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find node with newline == 0 .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  displays the pagination of "performance" requests .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   request
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or a float to a float .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   number
truth:  round   a

test:  a decorator for connecting to the request_cache library .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  split some string in each string of the series/index by given pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  toggle   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a file from a given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  download   a

test:  install the virtual env in new virtual environment .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  show   null
truth:  install   install

test:  numpy implementation of integers .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  null   x
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the directories for the directories containing the distribution .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   list
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial pdp context request section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that resets a blob with the given httpconnection .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  used   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a task to the queue in seconds .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the wavefunction distance between two numbers and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   distance

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from invalid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the xml element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  display   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a dtype to numpy array .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server description from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an argument names for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   update
truth:  creates   null

test:  a replacement for the given pattern .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  test   glob
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function for displaying valid api and return whether it is valid .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  function   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the default dicts: for all the given relationship and type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  register a single bundle function .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  register   add
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   platform
truth:  test   date

test:  configures the vary header header based on its response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  configures   headers
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dictionary of the specified hash for params .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  return   worker
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend to update state_changed time changes .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  default   null
truth:  to   null

test:  from a vfs callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  sync   parses
truth:  translate   translate

test:  add option values to the trace .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  include   add
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  just a database .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   git
truth:  callback   callback

test:  apply correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  apply   mean
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic clip .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   logarithmic
truth:  squared   mean

test:  given a course_key return a set of strings representing cohorted ids of strings representing cohorted details .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  list out what items are in the flattened dictionary .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is the alter high level to the given parameters .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  is   approximation
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if socket is available on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  if   s
truth:  check   check

test:  group test configuration .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  called   null
truth:  bench   bench

test:  create a valid hosts and collect the user provided from the list of address to the new entry .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  this looks up a module as an existing module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  count the number of a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  parse a path if the given facts or returns facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  execute   dict
truth:  get   current

test:  just a few identity element .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  return   return

test:  grab and remove any csv title from the page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  obtain   show
truth:  return   info

test:  generate random id .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns a queue instance with the specified item .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the pbkdf2 hash of password with salt for the given password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  wrapper around guided .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  null   days
truth:  convert   a

test:  display a list of information about each url .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   list
truth:  register   register

test:  return binary url from text file .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   str
truth:  to   function

test:  compute the short-time sum of the given sum of the given sum .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  compute   statistics
truth:  get   get

test:  return a subset of given variables .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns the address contained in the link-local ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  get operating buffer string .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  perform an outer-product arm on a node .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  perform   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the token with the specified content .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a module instance of the given module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  displays a usage .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  displays   string
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  helper function to make a robert subject parameters subject : ndarray the fileserver statistics .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  copy   email
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  expand ~ home directory if possible .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns a generator of the requested host and check that the optional host has been set of host objects passed in .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct an object from the partial type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a decorator that ensures the best methods of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw graph for opening labels .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute the transfer path for nodes in a bipartite node .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make context by current logged-in context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  send   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   convert
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns the float computes the terms of a trivial product .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the command line history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  read   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  convert a string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   decimals
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  create   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   in
truth:  to   null

test:  helper for creating a string to a list .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle the error thrown under the specified error .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  export   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  stop aslr .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stops   current

test:  return a tuple containing a map of the given number of seconds .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax can run with missing scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   syntax

test:  returns a request object .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  order   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available {}conn that are on the provider .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code language in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of matrices to edit the local matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  compute 257 spaced for use with consecutive labels .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  unflatten   coordinates
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this is a nested layer where the main layer of the trigger layer layer are properly negative layer .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  is   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap current filter output of a lambert stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  sends   updates
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for all the exception handling this will return a list of available messages .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  register a new release to upload this pillar .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  register   test
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start an user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  is   redirect
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection used by becomes out an rest_sample pool .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a plugindummy field that will create the init sdk on the current thread .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the computer matches the pending computer .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a multipart content structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  trims default string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  function   function

test:  verifies that the find_current_module argument can be set over a o['d'] dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  verifies   program
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs from vcs url .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  checking   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the given bucket object to build the data dict of index labels to match "wrong" * a list of index dict .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   build
truth:  extract   null

test:  function and returns the month of a given date .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  null   try
truth:  given   a

test:  validate attributes that are not present in db .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   filters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  make sure that any possible to be called when the tests present in the chunk .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  make   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose which presents an exception .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the value of an image and return the record .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   module
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on the given node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  the helper function .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary of bytes to a many value .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of all iam subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the channel oldpath as string from the given path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  correct   get
truth:  prepend   null

test:  update user users and check the users redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  finds the ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  finds   converts
truth:  restore   references

test:  context manager to show current script and restore in a given directory .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  code   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  checks whether the sgemv flag is enabled .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sign the relative shift for zero and zero function .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  configure logging logging module for the main logger .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  use   use

test:  return the name of a process name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   configures
truth:  name   name

test:  return a resolves for footer .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  does a triangulation support for native stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  does   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  right is a list of indices .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  select   null

test:  creates a failure graph for a group .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  creates   up
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility to make sure we know if the users column is not present .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  make   calling
truth:  github   github

test:  a simple smoketest that also use a aggregated format .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a python file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  create   fix
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the commands to the current thread .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   templates
truth:  error   error

test:  reverts a watch query .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  test the exception works .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary with exactly the exactly entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  concatenate a slice into a slice that is suitable for slice whose value is suitable for slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  concatenate   error
truth:  null   null

test:  regression test for issue #1256 tests .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training events controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  given a string .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   log
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from java' file .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  set   set

test:  registers next logging to api ha .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   exception
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list of the application state those that are attached to the given deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  set click and monitor click on plot .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  null   sphere
truth:  select   null

test:  this function handles the specified app and uses the value .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a number or string for binary .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  try to convert a string of python expression to the correct representation .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  is   expr
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes previous cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  to   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  make a default summary of matrix for translation requests .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  make   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  do anything; .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  read the disk block of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  call to return a function that is the first class .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test whether a numpy array is a scalar .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  create a new git function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filters .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  print a component representation of the source file .
truth: write component . 
test:  print   function
truth:  write   component

test:  mathjax the mathjax script from a url .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  null   post
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a freeze repo .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a copy of events to a provided events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shift   shift

test:  for historical their link to templates .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  null   user
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   strings
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generate "keys" by 2 .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  return event information .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  return   null
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that adds the buffer that was done in the current context .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  used   null

test:  change the default group user and set a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   users
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts any true/false statement to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all uniquely and return a dictionary with objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  running   a
truth:  null   null

test:  search the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  search   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded alphabet for use in the given alphabet to find the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  remove invalid environment variables for an ipython app .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns an data structure for the course section .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  instance all the members .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  control   users
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  given a role name .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get information for a visual traces .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the python version used as a btrfs version in the cause warning when the python version .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the given certificate path under a certificate under a certificate under uploads .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a appends field of the given types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  remove   object
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  internal helper function for the directory containing one directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute representation of a given matrix of length n parameters n : {array-like .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing coordinate or fast in the expected indexing under the expected manipulationfunction tensor .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  a simple entry point to looking up via the current system .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of all lexer classes .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the arguments and return the command line .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  handle a saved disk ip address from a saved config .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  open   copies
truth:  translate   rest

test:  delete an s3 bucket from s3 and (same .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  returns either a simple wildcard value or raises an exception if one is specified .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  null   prompt
truth:  ask   user

test:  checks for an int .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string with only used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes a timezone from an timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  normalize   controller
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  the main function .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  given a sequence of dicts and kwargs .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  given   command
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  determines whether the dbref is an int .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  same as a propositional *bool from propositional .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  purge   expr
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  gpu gpu version number by theano 1 .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  classes specifically tables that should be updated here .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   load
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate one random noise noise by a given distribution .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  convenience function for given statements and return a dictionary of information .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info about an environment .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method missingrequired%s .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the number of recent image actions .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  enqueue events to run in celery grib .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  to   event
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   a

test:  save the module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   state

test:  return a c_cleanup units units .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a test suite .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   create
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tracks -> hub name: page .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   title
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the latest changeset changelog for the specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a string from s3 .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: implements the command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  run   asserts
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  option -> str return a string from an arbitrarily string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test column info also supports qtable info in #5556: lost info .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   table
truth:  existing   replace

test:  check if ]month data is allowed for gantt or infinite start date and a person date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  parse the value of an openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  hidden   a
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that named scenario result takes named scenario and table groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  function for displaying expressions in unicode .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the hash for the most of the weekly .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for some functions that are not implemented on the process .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  tests that the ]['use layer gets a valid ]['use ]['use -- the version layer in .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a packet .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates a rpc for the given rpc object .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  access   access

test:  mark an instance as enabled in a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  return the directory contents of the directory that contains calibre-portable .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller should be used for searching for people by skill permission-checking boolean .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the own own own own own symbol given a matrix .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  compute   call
truth:  null   helper

test:  run a remote user .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  given   vim
truth:  command   command

test:  takes a keystone cert .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  object   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 inner product of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  true if the given address is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a list of which the loop is followed by the canonical filters .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the current tool has instance_profile_name by uptime cli example: .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  callback for setting the unittest .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  callback   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  only load if the decorated function is enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  register   method
truth:  is   a

test:  format an order as a string .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  format   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively remove the images removes all the source nodes from check_mode source directory .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   null
truth:  given   a

test:  a helper function for very set of traces .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   output
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function signature .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more items from a queue return items .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  convert an arbitrary list to a ports .
truth: input data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  input   data

test:  run arguments in segment_info mode .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg command .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the implementation name lookups .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   call
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check that theres a style diff .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  issue   format
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize the given object from folder .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serialize   object
truth:  given   null

test:  potential a system of energy and/or rigidbodys = arg .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   energy

test:  converts dictionary by complex number to a single .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a suitable iban representation of iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  according   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  turn a list of xml into one with xml entities .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  turn   add
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator used for sys .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a named pairs to the specified name .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   register
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the number of scalars to see if one variable .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   boolean
truth:  get   values

test:  calculates a list of datastore types .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  return a list of directory from the attachments with a given theme .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  default   default

test:  migrate the database connection for control .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   connection
truth:  if   null

test:  list given vms name of a vm .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   list
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  default implementation for gracefully algorithm .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for the given file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a power-cycle server .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  if   null

test:  sets data in clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  sets   values
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  list the plan args .
truth: check slug . 
test:  list   try
truth:  check   slug

test:  performs any string in the url note that it is indicative .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  search   search

test:  return the project name for the given project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  project   project

test:  compute compute sqlalchemy migration for the given window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a hash string -- a set of option .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fix the parent in the parent decrypt index .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date for the traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  a version of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a db-api cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  convenience function that creates a increasing structure with memory in the decreasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of users on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android context associated with the android context .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   set

test:  this page shows to request templates: events and link to the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  request   shows
truth:  null   page

test:  choose of the fft of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  choose   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value with the statement[ representation of a string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   python
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to each axis of the data in reverse .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return a list of installed images uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string and returns a tuple of numbers .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check for entrance exam directory for a given problem .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  check   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  split/interleave test for issue #1256 class when startup a class with xsix & call .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look for a ctrl-c item from the given name .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if s is a binary operator parameters op : list of unary op : bool is a string which is not found in the boolean values .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute trace corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  compute   harris

test:  construct an constructor object from a json string .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  construct   results
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  dns the dns response if it is a particular response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast' loop option .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  finds python source file in the directory name .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url existing use of test cases should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  existing   url
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   crud
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks if a given server is running on an instance .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a single ip from the display alias .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  is   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative requirements url as a relative path to a relative asset url .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a hinfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  performs   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sends the nginx email with new email address and returns the global password .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  when a command string is being able to show commands .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a buffer to a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   a

test:  from list args .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  null   render
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   shows
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks a string for the versions parameter .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  creates a new recent savepoint .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper method to create the score for the specified course .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  receives   get
truth:  set   set

test:  if the topic forum forum is not log .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  if   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return the path to a directory containing pyinstaller files for this script .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  set   selinux
truth:  get   get

test:  open a string using default values for main "wrong" directory .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   skeleton
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume specs for given volume type .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  get a new aggregate with a name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a list of imp extensions for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  helper to display the given url and ending of urls .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' adds the trend report for a build step :arg str levels .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  given a application .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast the configuration to the workshop value .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  warn   helper
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  is the comparison expression expression and return a dict .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode and unicode numbers .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that column can be initialized into the test source .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   selection
truth:  check   check

test:  tests that dual is equivalent to floats .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  add   add

test:  check if the obj is a sequence of strings .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  are   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : enumerator_list comma initializer .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   null

test:  upload a csv for a course containing all students problem grades and push the csv file for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  upload   student
truth:  compute   student

test:  given an zfs arc .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  signature that that ignores extra arguments together .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add boxcox for a positive 1d transform .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plotting   plot
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  calculate the numa topology for a list of requests .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  calculates   worksheet
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for issue arguments? this test on theano arguments? arguments? .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  source: the command line should not exclude expires .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  are   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  return the replaces of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  discover capability host and numbers .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  returns the normalized request list of all http accept header language names .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a helper function for warning: .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  creates a url for a url with the given url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  check the search flow for final test names .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  to   try

test:  extend the last instance to be updated on this page .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify given weights and a environments weight results .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  given   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  convert processed_list to the transfer functions of a positive integer n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disemvowels specified table names over thirty characters .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns a list of all synonyms that are on every .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  finds a collection containing apps of c{parent} in collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  histogram summaries for square loss .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  helper for :meth:write_entries .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  context   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  define a default extension module .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  define   create
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  test transformations that joins the ring api to work in the external api .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  chown   convenience
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a list has no arguments .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  patch various statusbar into a statusbar .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  update default headers for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  default   include
truth:  default   default

test:  get the current font for a db .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  ensure that all npm functions can be found and has missing values .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  files   files

test:  zipped route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  get the configured logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' variable equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  show the list of required hierarchical click cli example: .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  show   default
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_registry information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   apps
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a tuple of sample sampling as theano .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute f polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  compute   compile
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  multiply   get
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the first output line at a line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  return all edges that are zero of the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  perform   a

test:  vowel the vowel of the vowel as specified by the vowel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  estimate   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  with a csv manager .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set the contact = responding for the desired configuration / browser: version .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default get back to make sure the input get input .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  wrapper for :meth:write_entries .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  to   hook

test:  renames leaf in leaf expression for sympy expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  split   expression

test:  if the specified user is about the secure account by email status .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  check   send
truth:  password   password

test:  verify if the override is 180 or 180 has 180 .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  make   notification
truth:  override   override

test:  bump product for product in case shop is not given all the product products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  caching caching cache manager .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  do   io
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of modules which is not supported by this minion .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the json representation of a :class: .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the given tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an absolute path name .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  build current directory from regular expression .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of acl acl keys and values .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all resources in the request .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return the description of lines for an nginx distribution .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a number .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  float   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: 'rvm' publish 'ruby-class' command requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat plugin version .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the number of distances between surface and nearest ratio .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   surface

test:  an application that sets the request environment variable .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  helper to remove ntpd and set clock .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a mailchimp entry in a given user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  index   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is in the file type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return items in backend based on backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  return   items
truth:  null   items

test:  return an exception object to locale and l{requestgenerationfailed} from locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  return   git
truth:  null   null

test:  return the connection object for the passed connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update a task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  update   stub
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the invoice preference for the invoice user .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  shut configuration config for ~/ .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  are   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row of a deprecationwarning j in the whole column .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  convert   columns
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  if pprint function with command-line arguments .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a pandas unit to a value .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  determine if u'periodical' is set and returns false on a header .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  do   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed via the cli example: .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a list of tuples like more than one of the number of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  like   layer
truth:  files   files

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used by tests to reset a lazy test .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  reset   config
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the namespace wrapped from the uri given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of nodes in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  return a list of os templates in filename .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  calculates a multinomial distribution from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  calculates   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults available for .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  applies a dictionary that maps a dict or a dict of the keys given by a dict .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the target type between the target and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  check that a particular list is a job at the requested design proto .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   migration

test:  get a function for logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  returns   logger

test:  send a user to email email email email address .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  add   add

test:  get the currently active interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a handler reference from the old cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return x minus an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   value
truth:  return   x

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than 2 .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  use   use
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete partitions of the graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   in
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  this convert location of the quoted image to the quoted uris .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  adds a member to the specified pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if the marketing link is a symlink in its code .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates the next goto description of a list .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint the pprint for musicbrainz dataset .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   pprint

test:  get the codename for a self-serve query .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  get   apply
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified major .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  work events for nex .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  rate   event
truth:  null   null

test:  the named vm vm : os name of the image to be removed from vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  build   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  take the vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  use this function to check the given error code .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  use   error
truth:  to   method

test:  similar to the html attributes of html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  to   structure
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   a
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper to github api using github api .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  to   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  create an glfw instance which will preserve the glfw .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  create   set
truth:  set   gl

test:  when a circuittermination is created .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  null   update
truth:  to   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  watch   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that no data behaves a regression on a unit and see if a unit was specified .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  tests to make sure cookiecutter and no exceptions is no exceptions .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  to   call
truth:  call   call

test:  check if path is executable and is absolute .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  to   path
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as being exempt from the returned view protection .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a group topic message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip test unless a user is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the tab url for the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert input value to home assistant analog format .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  setup the best tests for the magic environment used to create tests .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  include   bytes
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check that the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the directory for a particular error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a key on environment variables for running then rather than anything .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source code at a single basis .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  source   merge
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets a port string by replacing each host name in order to the list of nodes .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  saves all process in the vm .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  handles   restart
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the number of seconds that are not in the given contributor distributions .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  return the link to and trailing link .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  return   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save to all edges of the specified filename .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  open   bool
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using purging .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of all scene exceptions for a particular cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   list
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a thumbnail file for an internal identifier .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read breadcrumbs .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  named   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert a latest release release to a git release dict of git buttons .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  convert   lines
truth:  return   return

test:  remove an plugin from the current application directory .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  reverse the given value from value .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  for more sequence of expressions and returns where rank is preserved .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  order   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad container with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  snapshot a neighbour attributes and add it to an json-compatible already there .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  access   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only work on systems with timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert between two numbers .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   nothing
truth:  convert   font

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  factory function that applies a new test test configuration .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  get a sorted list of user groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  return a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite when run tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  runs   find
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and id as strings .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the data from an xml file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the node with the given function .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  search   search

test:  a coroutine to make providers for testing .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   point
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return outstanding ports from iterable and .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   plugin
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the slug for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of sequences starting from chunkyreader .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the global application context variable or the global application name .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  run average eeg processing operations using eeg processing buffer .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  run   checking
truth:  create   create

test:  transforms coordinates to polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  transforms   transform
truth:  given   a

test:  simple wrapper for content-type .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the passed string of assignment_expression .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set a list of lists of epsilon classes .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   state
truth:  given   a

test:  send raw html of the entity config files .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  uses   arg
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get the external article index or a list of filters .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of app for given user .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   tool
truth:  get   a

test:  transforms a numpy kind into memory .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  cross   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the entity of the given entity string .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  commits   show
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert a tuple/list into a string .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  left   a
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a cluster via pcs command cibfile name/path of the property extra_args additional options for creating the cib extra_args additional options for creating the live cib cli example: .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  filter a user for an email address and email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a allowed method that asserts that it supports any specified 405 method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a mock datastore .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the information for the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a host object that only the entire vif .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configuration options passed to this minion cli example: .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  gathers   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the url for musicbrainz .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  find the current library instance for an objc library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   interface
truth:  to   null

test:  and it does upgrade if requested .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  try to replace double module name from a path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  like   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the foldersync forum counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse the language code at language .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  handle for passing the noise functions .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  handle   exit
truth:  list   list

test:  check if text is a valid text string .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pool api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  filter   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  converts the given file name into a octal timestamp .
truth: using os . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  using   os

test:  url url for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   null
truth:  support   support

test:  helper function to do a valid intent checks .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  construct a list of tuples from the auth document .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the request header which displays the session belongs .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  decodes a python 106 .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove the inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter sequence from a otus sequence list .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert a json representation to a json dict .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   mocks
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   keyword

test:  get the list of module modules below the package directory .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  api function to calculate the parameter tuple of length lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  array   array

test:  add the current url to the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the x_{t+1} of the two topics .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  look   information
truth:  find   find

test:  add source for the target list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  add   a
truth:  build   build

test:  list all files in a file into a list .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  list   null
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a list of all of the user access to the course wiki api wiki keys .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the file system path is a byte string .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  null   case
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable changelog for the specified repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an xml tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  return   protobuf
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migrations for a given instance or instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns true if the boolean based on the values in the cache .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  takes   number

test:  *true* *true* to *true* elements of *seq* not allowed to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  force   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a certain message object from the given filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a python object .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along isscalar returns certain axis of the array that is take no axis is dropped the position returned by isscalar this function is
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a file name .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  get   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  dask dask array see numpy arrays .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  is   matlab
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  convert all aws points to cdf with a given distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  test   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  this function returns a restart field .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   push
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   name
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of related revisions .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check a list of files and check if the nginx files are common .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  check   count
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the v1 v1 port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get total seconds of timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  resource handler for getting a resource .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  check if - can be used in future - that will check for simple arguments .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  check   check
truth:  like   like

test:  create an rest api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this task logs a pending task entries expected by lae .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   null
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  attempt to copy desired .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  scans   api
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return the message buffer .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific filename is available .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   format
truth:  to   checks

test:  replace migrations in hack with migrations data .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  allow   columns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds and returns first element of which predicate is found in the given predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if supervisord can be loaded .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: the path portion of the source files .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  combines   null

test:  return the overriding usage information for a course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   course

test:  placement polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multivariate   algorithm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  output a tornado ioloop to the output as the one .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  mark   proxy
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator that allows a function into a single class .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  to   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  trigger   query
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates the savepoint codes .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   key
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the based on the specified name and is in pem file with the data .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if the graph is strongly regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates str? corrected bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more system via python .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   one
truth:  install   python

test:  create an instance alloc for an instance as a list of vcpus pairs .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  mimics proxy for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  indicates   in
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the problem key to a string .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  apply   request
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  return   return
truth:  mark   mark

test:  random a list of inputs for random that maps a certificate authority .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  maps   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find numa topology for a host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  the day between various today and 1 number when one year is still active .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  assign data to the ndarray .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  assign   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rule name .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  memoized   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove host from the given process name the registry to remove all host jobs : boolean toggle to delete source of the certificate to delete to the arcs source code
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns the published version for the location that is the published version for other version .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  returns a list of server keys that the specified cache key is present in the cache cli example: .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  to   check

test:  bundles the mode with port and check if the first one is not available .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  return true if video is views .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct an options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  construct   parse
truth:  parse   argv

test:  apply attributes to an operation on operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   volume
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper function to get information about course info .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  function   method
truth:  prints   prints

test:  completion file containing lines for specified files .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  file   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if idle is using an os x tk .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the feature of some of the feature oulines is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  maps the input position to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   norm
truth:  maps   maps

test:  clear the city .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the points inside the channel removed from the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the directory to use .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   case

test:  check source string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  source   handlers
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to list a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  put a set of affine into a rational matrix .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of nodes that has just been imported in the passed node .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   steps
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to yield a zip .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   replacement
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute the negative connectivity matrix .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all tests under python objects .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  check if a string has a valid filesystem returns true if the current key id or false on success @type were coming crash .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  returns diff diff of vectors that are not + angle between vectors and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  diff   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the alternate string to endsep .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  key key function if scalars is true .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  stub   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the fill file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin password from comparing two keys using the signature .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   exponential
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete a user existing xblock token .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  compute a matrix to the vector considers by direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  parse the instance_info_cache photo and return the removal .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  reads   usage
truth:  get   photo

test:  return a string for the requesting xblock descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email for the given system and returns the email addresses .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   returns
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  score the similarity of two vectors .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  authenticate with the specified url from the username components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  use   function
truth:  given   a

test:  validate single value for given value and name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive an email for the webhook .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  queues   email
truth:  runs   runs

test:  given a local predicate function .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return a list of the training units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clean up patterns from path/to/filename and return a dict of central strings .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  clean   list
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the normal loglikelihood of normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  grab   standard
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if name is not a detectedunknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns true if the object is memory and optionally return its memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   cuda

test:  appends a list of subplot colors .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation :math:ax + xa^h = q .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return node information for a node .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the user is allowed to soft-delete .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by id or none if it exists .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash with the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   update
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a preprocessing function to a file for our function .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  dump   convert
truth:  null   human

test:  tests that environmental returns vector when debugger is test values and some values are missing and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize custom plane .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  redirect   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an http response from a session and all its children .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return a url for a given object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the short name into a short group groups .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  work   columns
truth:  find   find

test:  replace all stored states in an instance states .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  replace   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get a user based on a users user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a host to complete and not allowed over .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  trailing   return
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture that provides a factory for tests that do not opcodes .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  create   create

test:  verifying emails and enqueue attachments based on unrar .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  insert multiple tuples of num_data] and applies them to the given list of lists .
truth: version of node . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace many maps .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random queries with noisy queries features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  index   index

test:  avoid env-script for clients .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  this view shows the users in output settings by checking the user .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  display   view
truth:  view   view

test:  for each column by the branch by the baseline group .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  parse   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  write out a file with the serial information to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate completion for the home assistant calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) between two independent objects of instance .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert bytes to a bytes string .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  reshape sequence with length >= n .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   split
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge the given time from a collection of errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  decorate   changes
truth:  errors   errors

test:  compute shape psd matrix far in the order of a given coordinate matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator to convert a table to an action .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return union of 2x2 terms in the set .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  to   helper

test:  return data in a wav array .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate a string that will match a minimum score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns a new kolmogorov-smirnov family .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  softmax crossentropy between two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a valid device are valid and wont lead when used for that wont lead .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic mean of a set of mean bit .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  mean   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  if you decorate a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  if   flask
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic logistic function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  return local info dict based on user info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   get
truth:  adds   site

test:  does to drop fit at a relative value .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   product

test:  capitalize(s) the partition size of the partition x .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  is   verifies
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  some torrent window .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of all registered items as well .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  format   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced with upper replaced by old replaced by old replaced by old
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install all installed utils .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   variables
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   statistics
truth:  return   netstat

test:  a &<>" version of the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  within the profiling context .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  profiling   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates an indexs protobuf to a set of entities .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  updates   source
truth:  index   index

test:  test that a string is installed and replace the filename in products .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  do   find
truth:  return   a

test:  process the filesystem and block output of the specified name .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  uses   include
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   parse
truth:  set   set

test:  merge the return information for each list of filerefs .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   config
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check the deprecated reference to the deprecated arguments are using a deprecated settings .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   a
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return true if the form name should be found in the changelog module to load a test .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator - mark a test for skipping test - triggered this one .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   msg
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the string with the definition or source header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails when the process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a signal handler for the given signal name .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  function   merge
truth:  get   a

test:  return the descriptor to a b-spline function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  return   exp
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple playing method to parse the command line and their internal: b .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  command   command

test:  add a public key to the dictionary .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  create a path of the resource contained on the path .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  debugging view for dev .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  null   get
truth:  show   show

test:  reads the python source file contents .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  is the closed step .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  always save a file to a list of features .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  filename   context
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  for each input tile type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  if any long tests are created .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if value is less than or equal to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  perform a given language via the configured currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  resize   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  set the specified fully qualified state is absent name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  factorize the input data using 'means' .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads in the contents of the given file as a single file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  will start user with authentication and logout authentication and logout links .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  null   users
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking context dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  like l{raisedarguments} .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   statistics
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  return the expiry certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a message to stderr .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   color
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the maximum distance between a iqr .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   number

test:  return a list of information for a particular class .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract an entry in a file name .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of area area of the given sequence of area .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  get   x
truth:  find   a

test:  fail a test client of the input file and scale it .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of versions to edit the specified version from the list of versions .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run a test on windows tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   build
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check if version >= >= *cmp_version_str* .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a raw encrypt key values to tile .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a mock output .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   output
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  efficiently generate algorithm in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the output of users containing absolute path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x values of an class with an __getattr__ function .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   object
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for a function that can be iterated this decorator applies a wsgi function .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the name of the package database .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog array that can be used to process tasks .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the ** is available on the minion .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  if   call
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns hessian for the autocorrelation matrix for the null process .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   mocks
truth:  null   cluster

test:  take a file type and return true if it is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  take   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compile the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  compile   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  parse the message to render user ids .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  rest controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  print the state to stderr .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   execution
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the user ids .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  spotify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method finds the vdi for a given filename: name included by the vdi with a reference to this is followed by .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a list of all files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a property flags .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  push subscription subscription subscription to course creator table .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  warnings   parses
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all the egg from a given archive .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  connect   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns a dict with group ids for the given course .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the first opened group .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  get   interface
truth:  document   document

test:  if users users users are available for this system cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a file with the specified name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an addresses to the proper libraries .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  is a two random numbers .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  is   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial trivial over a field in subresultants using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  looks for a matrix .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  multivariate   normalize
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a presence of a finder locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of groups that are available as a user .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the group if a group exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a string and returns a list of data .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  change the maximum of a library to false when they change .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  change   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  signature signature based on a gpu terms .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  correct   changes
truth:  remove   remove

test:  the script script should be embedded in a <script> script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the code to the notebook in the notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  look   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  this is for the coordinate functions .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  is   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a auxiliary release to the cassandra directory .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  add   build
truth:  specified   tag

test:  a simple wrapper around numpy .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the provided resource of resources .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  start indexes and async version .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  start   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the theme is currently active site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all nodes in an array of 0 .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that mixin boxes boxes .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate that a string is a valid format containing platform empty string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator for creating a method .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a string to an upgrade model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string and a dictionary of subs pairs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view for creating an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  null   send
truth:  noop   noop

test:  function to map spatial arguments to tuple .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   args

test:  defines the memory flags .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  initializes   trace
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  run a parameter in the background parameter list .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   find
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  deletes an environment variable for the current axes .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  extends   web
truth:  function   function

test:  resume the signature of each xblock in all activities .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   node
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parses the tvdb units .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  string   string

test:  create a matrix to make a list of the metadata by the given vector .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to ensure account is used in provider .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  detect version of players .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  is   version
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert html file .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   links
truth:  null   sequence

test:  translates a string style field name into a valid field name and returns their column .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  allow   find
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a trailing line size in make a text file .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  returns whether the matplotlib command and not if matplotlib is able to run the matplotlib command .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  skips   a

test:  just the contents of the docstring .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  index   axes
truth:  order   order

test:  list the libraries in the libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   certificate
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function for converting to trace from strings .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of locate return version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for changes to happen and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function based on the given pixel .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  an cache packed packed packed .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes and make json serializable .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  check if a key is in the format correctly .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create db script for doing a process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  function   need
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of server config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   statistics
truth:  parses   parses

test:  run a reset command in a control graph .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  run   a
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the selected issue count .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the number of true random sunday given the number of right composite random number of true probability given number of false given number of false given the number of
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an instance of page|is_sibling_of:feincms_page from django photos .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  return   timestamp
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  null   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the nested tree of the given bfs tree at nodes with a nested tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  generate a security level key from a given one of the signature .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute to another field: attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  case is an case that flattens a case of the desired desired tuple .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assert   assert

test:  skips a directory or a virtualenv .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  import   guess
truth:  run   run

test:  check if path exists and get the path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  moves files or directories .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  files   get
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager for tests that require stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  be   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all certificates .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an variables with a (success|fail or communication .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  evaluate   render
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  render url generator and return the given response .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   redirects
truth:  creates   a

test:  build a new instance with the same instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of epochs server .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  transform   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write a include language files .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses a timestamp into an integer string that matches the input string .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  to   one
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter of instructor tasks as keys of given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the input matrix of the specified entry and make values .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a bundleadaptors for command-line-based .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  construct   list
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich rich measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this function is created several 302 input .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  saving   update
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task that will start any timeout in the task .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   long
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get equation for spherical points in a projected list .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   action
truth:  get   get

test:  read a file descriptors to show the type and return the name of the file object .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  import   return
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure the depth wrapped even .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  loads topic tree to generate a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  used   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  fast object from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  mark   -
truth:  null   in

test:  create an object that add: the html feature .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a dict mapping pfx to be checked against multiple fields .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until the application to be run from javascript has expected .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a point of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   get

test:  actually create a new module for due to the estimate of a given s3 .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   get
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict into a dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats the path to a string to use by subprocess .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate a string representation of frequency .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   client
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  when an account .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  allow   send
truth:  send   a

test:  replaces test 2 should call with stderr contents .
truth: if a . 
test:  cross   object
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a value for a positive integer seconds .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  maxstalenessseconds   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  validate that microversion hashes microversion in the cwd .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  multiplies   optional
truth:  log   a

test:  when a saved cohort is deleted .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  null   layer
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the points of points in the interface .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a resource by id and name .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   get

test:  regression test for url this only if the default key/val representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  filter   cache
truth:  test   test

test:  called if the url get any errors that the escaped text to the response object .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  the part of this application class should we can find the invalid path .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  to   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the string into a traditional string .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that pip version are considered test for pip command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   end
truth:  end   end

test:  yields a blob for a cloud upload files .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to a specific transport and port .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  the given path is a valid path .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  implement root directory upload path .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   path
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  for a file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable module for a specified sound .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   logs
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a time as a custom time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts list of chars into a yaml string and converts it to the given list of statements .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   join
truth:  list   list

test:  fill intersections of the loop that is an infinite table .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   points
truth:  add   add

test:  return array after trimming from a given axis from the passed axis .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  resize   axis
truth:  slices   slices

test:  decorate a function to be accessed without going to a method .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  decorate   running
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for memoizing method calls .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   purpose
truth:  create   a

test:  redirect to a session and return default url .
truth: takes request . 
test:  default   null
truth:  request   request

test:  error handler for uploads to the mqtt templates .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  template   context
truth:  null   custom

test:  builds {% art configuration .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  build a queryset to the queryset .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  build   optional
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a new region and dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   windows
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read blacklisted info from the file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  read   image
truth:  to   try

test:  return the directory that contains a base file .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  removes all dns libcloud requests in the list specified by the searching module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  take the string and return an datetime object for the given timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  generate an ascii string .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  generate   partition
truth:  null   method

test:  verify that a class with a document fails to the base_path maximum .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  preprocess the a cut polynomial labels .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  preprocessing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that js has no arguments .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  checks the best docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  checks   none
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   f
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test whether this string can be cast as a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  3600000 pixel matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  attach   text
truth:  null   null

test:  store the twitter dance to a consumer token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert a time into a string .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  return the default group on the user cli example: .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   a

test:  take a vdi and return the new instance rows and disk it returns the vdi .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  replace all outstanding percentage around tagged that is a tagged results string by a block of raw words .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  replace   current
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an given argument so that given view with its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a list of all disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  gets   ssh
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the path to a service .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the tag from a jid .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  the following path specified as os .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the single space of lines in whitespace characters with whitespace replaced by whitespace .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for doing surface correctly .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   in

test:  factory function to create and return a new timeout for the given timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  make   a

test:  returns existing hash for an existing hash .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  existing   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  create an simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  create   a

test:  is it a boolean? prefix installed? based on user prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the current 683 see if the passed 683 axis is missing .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the supplied editor and fix the oauth2 .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   output
truth:  open   open

test:  return url based on local readable url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  url   convert
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize the pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  helper function to generate an equivalent certificate in binary format .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the a matrix of the matrix string .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a user sql sql sql statements needed to each object of the user ids .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  returns a class object tied to the attributes for the given django menu .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cast the condition type to a boolean function .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  load the create file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  load   binary
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tests the original test method overriding when the parent child .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  replaces   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx decode-url .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   disconnect
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an stonith for creating a cluster type cibfile name/path of the cib extra_args additional options for creating the live stonith on the pcs stonith sockets .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  creates   prompt
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a subplot results for each plot in an image .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from the next path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  this function finds out only contains only one or more attributes .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that we can load a contractive file .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   priority
truth:  executes   null

test:  test reading input values .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  reading   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of service that are disabled but disabled cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named event is not in the mark zone .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  deinstalls   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  is this a debug level .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  check if user is access to this course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  mail mail within a number of outbox within the given outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  array   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of the args passed in the args .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   markdown
truth:  print   print

test:  make sure that the right parameter is done when we need to use .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  apply roles specified in builtin .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  apply   table
truth:  modify   methods

test:  returns otu table with otu to otu .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  base   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  try to parse columns into csv file and return a dataframe suitable for any dataframe tested .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  code   load
truth:  load   a

test:  validate the project for the given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   set
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a bool whether the passed version is a global version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python interpreter .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  import doctest import and return test data .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  import   test
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series inversion expansion of the sparse expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  start   in
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when vhds a path directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = default name = default * network name = default * network -- request network * safe -- power to hard drive .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   traffic
truth:  request   power

test:  get index of index .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  get   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the helper function used to bypass an openssh gate .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  load the execer from the test cases .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the application instance associated with the given app .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs white warning .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  tells   source
truth:  token   token

test:  calls the given string with a new object to operate in the given clone .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   null
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all instances of the user command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  lists   response
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that the inline values correctly handles values .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  scan   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if the : has a particular type .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies date using setup() .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current hub object .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check to see if lists are considered out of the specified course .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test version of bokeh cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  change   return
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the module from the given app_label and replace it .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  import   import

test:  merge last id of a user with the given id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  fasta   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return current user .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given the given component .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   rgb
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import the module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  function for mercurial command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   a

test:  exit the elementtree executable if it is relative or cluster .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  exit   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of opportunitys .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the arguments along the given axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete all extra information from instances system_metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  catch a multiprocessing handler for the given layers .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  does this font path as unhandled exceptions .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  note   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the edgecolor box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test humans table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  test   tuple
truth:  read   read

test:  find the module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loads a template from the models .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the value is not too long and play long as an integer .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the mean of gaussian random transform .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  add   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all containers in a text file into a string .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   program
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute data to base64 encoded mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   mac

test:  add the list of objects to a dict .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  shows actual writer for all compiled board .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  shows   add
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  utility method to get username and updates api for interacting with the specified user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  null   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  the compatibility function is not implemented on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape html characters .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   quote
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and construct a format that has a format that does not set that the precision at a time of a string .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   rgb
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of compatible channels .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   return
truth:  do   null

test:  patch a file using registered transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  patch   copies
truth:  context   manager

test:  given an event on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  given   users
truth:  return   subscription

test:  return the notification notification type type for a given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  return   up
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory for temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove welchs space from the text and replace it with a matching the rest space .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class based on the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the number of a cib based on the configuration file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   max
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  gets the country details for an editable hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for the views as dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  determine if there is a blank object .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert seconds since gyp .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove the e-mail hook from the registery request .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  put   register
truth:  unregister   null

test:  find out a list of attributes associated with the given model field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return available flavor sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make plugin available on the system path .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  a decorator to skip testcase tests .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  null   function
truth:  mark   method

test:  returns the present keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  returns   keyring
truth:  is   keyring

test:  custom function to find the aspect subcommand if we parameters .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  is   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  helper function to mark a sigmoid immediately as the default number of post objects .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set a propget widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the api score for a module with a inputs .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  receives   version
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a help help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a certificate name to check words separated by a certificate name .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  add used to the zip keys in zip way .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  add   compare
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  report a signed service to be a vcenter service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  report   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  downloads a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  try to get a mongodb .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  insert   try
truth:  get   version

test:  return a table of length entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : ruleitem lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents and a string from a given form .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  export   driverinitiatordata
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return an appropriate ground polynomial of the ground domain .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  if the github job was changed .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  if   transaction
truth:  format   a

test:  get a query from the given filename .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  get   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a gaussian distribution .
truth: add i . 
test:  generate   linear
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a port range range(port_max rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if string kwargs are tree or function returns a string that contains the same length of this is .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   function
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  this view applies an anonymous if request was a json-encoded object .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   null

test:  import and return the python language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return a list of unused attributes on an 'xmlns document .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert an ipv6 address string running local classical order to its close representation .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   ipv6
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that input operator doesnt exist into various delimiter objects or has doesnt found exceptions .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain protocol .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return indices of a complex number .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  function   function

test:  gzip only gzip between a given mailentry .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  encoded   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute py as a initialise .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  execute   virtual
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a form|as_crispy_errors tool dictionary from a list of tool data in a violin plot .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct id id from real id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   solve
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  binary 3) of a 2-tuple of binary image .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove users users users to delete the host to delete from the host even to delete volume
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   users
truth:  ensure   a

test:  helper method to get the region code for a given phone number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if a file is a class type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  remove the pdfdocencoding endpoint at the given name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy a vm record as an instance database .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroys   a

test:  return the selection channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  parse   download
truth:  pick   pick

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  null   none
truth:  do   null

test:  disconnect disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  add updated summary to the lsi or approximates .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  add   target
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the location of a file .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> cheatsheets .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   method

test:  print and print summary of an % hypergeometric as a new mapper .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   details
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version of the api .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that addresses need to run against edited .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  decorate a function that can be called at a sensible iterable .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the preferred preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  null   contexts

test:  returns a string describing the source attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  determines   enrollment
truth:  return   return

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  write a debug message to data .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  runs memory related to the module .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns the settings of the django repo .
truth: execute app . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull refs from the states to be removed its name .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  creates a class to evaluate a normal class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  creates   data
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove photos from the current device .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  encode the given url into the input url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  to   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  forces email to wrap emails .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  email   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the expected package starts all the expected .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given best quality is good enough version .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   plot
truth:  if   checks

test:  just a nest task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  null   function
truth:  -   -

test:  builds a list of elements on the service or an array .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  count   count

test:  create a set of parameters that do not particularly with the given parameters .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  create   test
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt6 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time :return: true if the system time is on or off .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  this creates a git repository from increases .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  generates photos as followers of a device .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  generates   activity
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  computes the linear differential equation of the input along the given tensor .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a tuple with page: .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  returns either the common newlines or "show .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  return   code
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a bias from the authorization of a tensor .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  output   output

test:  check if we can get the current user is deleted on this system .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  get   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  create a fake forecast file .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  create   up
truth:  to   setup

test:  import a finder object from the package or regular expression .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  import   module
truth:  return   a

test:  this function converts the given uris spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  model   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  dynamically name of an existing instance .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   no
truth:  handle   a

test:  catch an ssh device .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  show   show

test:  load a file path .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a volume to a device .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  initializes a new usercontributionsmodel and creates a new usercontributionsmodel object .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  output for pcs 10 .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  null   code
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  automatically creates a notebook snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  null   names
truth:  perform   null

test:  build a string to spherical elements of *x* .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  build   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes of nodes by choosing nodes of nodes .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  applies   merging
truth:  to   callback

test:  sorts sort the django-storages list and returns a tuple of any integer value from http header dict .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sorts   normalize
truth:  sorted   get

test:  remove the clear for the duration of this process .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the string describing the current number as a string .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  return   get
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a class that can be used as a compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  returns   real
truth:  get   get

test:  return user input .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the size value for the given type string .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns an exception for the given instance name .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  yields nodes by each statement on the given list of nodes inferred by the user .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  yields   broadcast
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   controller
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  exponent an expression and returns the result of type .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   -
truth:  uses   uses

test:  yield all those results into a depending on the x-axis rules .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an object instance of a column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get count of strings for a user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  count   number
truth:  turns   null

test:  a generator that yields all the connected interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  opens   a

test:  gets the requested language from .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  writes the current configuration dictionary into the main function .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  writes   item
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision the precision likelihood is a helper function for multivariate .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   sizes
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  for the z3 test runner .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata given document .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the cached channels for the channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  send   send

test:  a test case for mocked a test class that was not create a mocked mocked mocked .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a test for a specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  'iptables-tnat-aprerouting-ptcp--dport shell into a given shell .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  set   set

test:  runs the remote system .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  run   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  print a method for requests .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  print   list
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a stack success line and extract warning .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the sentiment of the entity dashboard .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  index   function
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the name and values for the provided ref name .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   null
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that insures class is not recorded when default .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  callback to get the gui .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  use   code
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates the table spec for dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   r
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian a list of rectangular coefficients .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  constructs   a

test:  generate a string as an integer id .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a thrift page along the given page using the given page object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  a function that asserts that the uri' are allowed to run .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  computes mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the cache setting for the current thread .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  normal random prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive mode .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   in
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from network .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  coerce a file that is not set to the specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  correct   matching
truth:  am   am

test:  print a usage exit code to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parse a string or transport file .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parse   datetime
truth:  end   end

test:  return a sequence of lists in a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert that the message was none and was exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  return the environment to use for the given file .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  return   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert n from a string to a units number .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   axes
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a template from the salt master .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  check if a single input operator is actually a list of the same content operator .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator to apply to all commands .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set debug variables .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check that how many pandas globs are installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the sha1 transformation of the sha1 variable .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   array
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an status is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  copies one of the arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  transform   input
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check that the given node only check for the given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   url
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   return
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parses a string representing catalog elements of it .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the directory for lines .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   run
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that processes a page to the user .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  if   null

test:  add crypto .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if data is group .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   =
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given op .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate that the system path is a valid folder .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a status to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of rows .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  construct   custom
truth:  find   corners

test:  get the value of an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   a

test:  set an umc module for an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  hook   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an event on a model by instance .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  create   null
truth:  update   update

test:  download a generator that will export tcp based on the collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   export
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to call a function in the format .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing information section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  extended   response
truth:  routing   area

test:  reads the contents of a file and returns the contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  volunteer controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  reads a utilization file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read a sound into a directory .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml key .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two sorted arrays into a single keys .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the mongodb information .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove an signals factory .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  remove   handler
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  transforms items into the truncated and homogeneous labels .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   network
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  convert a string to the version of the version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  catch   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  create list of tuples for an unknown table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is an absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining of the closest with the edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   edge
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the experiment arguments that can be used with args .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   dataset
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add current user to the default user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   new
truth:  null   page

test:  gets username for the given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  make sure an synsets is json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  when the directory has irc modules .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  control   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file and return a base file object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the error code not installed .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a decorator for clade .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  install qute_bdd_webengine server .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  is   bandwidth
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random subset of a given distribution with the probability variable .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  generate   none
truth:  sample   sample

test:  builds a url for the given adapter url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a number to a string .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker instance server listening server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   agent
truth:  create   create

test:  print a log message to stdout and returns log .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   usage
truth:  log   log

test:  return a largest colors in g in the order given by a breadth-first .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of navigation urls .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a datastore users .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   a
truth:  access   access

test:  display the server authentication message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  fill   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the object is a test .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a numeric number of seconds into a string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  decodes   reverse
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using http security authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split path from an extension .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  split   render
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the init_declarator_list to use with the given number of singular values .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  require the project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   project
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image into the descriptor file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   a
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a string argument to a boolean group .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get a network driver or none .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  gets the arguments from the linux version .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  gets a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  are   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a formatted summary of the last cluster steps .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  return   cluster
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the bundle to a pandas directory if the name is low .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fixture that simulates a encode user called before opening with a valid template_name .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   return

test:  authenticate basic auth using urllib2 .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods for bad values .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if idle is under the os x window backported .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if value is a html string .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given a manager name like rabbitmqctl directory .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  set   up

test:  a safe metasploit length of characters separated by rfc characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  construct a single grid from the contents of a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns ordered dict based on running xml metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  sorts   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace sine counts for an lowercase .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert between source files .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  called   task
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add option from bootloader to bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send detect who-has requests to determine which hosts are up name to modify arp-cache .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  to   arp
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as controlb but for the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  resets the data passed into the test to take care of the data passed in order .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure a specific configuration variable is not present in the given configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  update   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the current key in a string .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  activate a string using the same length as the default string s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  algorithm   s
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests socket .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset the current shutdown architecture using unique_everseen .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator that yields a file-like object and a generator for a given iterator .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  use the cifar-10 + outputs with a file .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  null   show
truth:  record   record

test:  sample easier .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all deleted faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test to ensure keepass attribute and add it to self .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  to   add
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  import   a

test:  inject the specified folder inside a string fs .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  install   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  creates a ['memoized tags and returns a communication to be issued .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  force conversion of x is under x .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  force   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return commit information for a given repository .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  if   null

test:  the flask file name to include a file with a given file name .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  computes ctc loss algorithm on a given character .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  usage   ctc
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  for a list of known auth cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  plots   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  run a users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  run   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if operation is installed via bare .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of blobs .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current active pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the swap disk to be used in mb .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make an object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  gets a set of builtin identities from the given path .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  gets   python
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a single supported volume information .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a wsgi response with the experiment header and returns a tuple of body .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  create   response

test:  cast an appropriate managed function to a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  build   value
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  deletes container metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  prepares   object
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an iri string portion of a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a list until a page is true to be written to finish .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  encodings storage command line the remote host is being used for remote host cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  according   call
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator that wraps addition in the function .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  is   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  determine function that raises a network_service class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password against a given key and hash the encoded key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of all arp arp interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the document of the provided typename and check the optional permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  return   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  list locate multipath cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function for api task with a string and write it to a list of data .
truth: write out data . 
test:  function   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to custom change model given the default arguments and key of its tags .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check that migrating token and see receives correctly maxpool2d units .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  detect   access
truth:  null   groups

test:  return a completion for all parameters in this batched_dot .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining trigger the whole plugin trigger in the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : minus expr %prec uminus .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator to guess that use a function to a callable .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   accents
truth:  round   round

test:  perform direct against introspection and returns the mutant object with only ids .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given an empty array of matrices .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract the given word in rather than systemstat strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  code   code

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a system name for this process .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  performs a model to the shared operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  sends   update
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the magnitude of evoked evoked evoked using evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  like :class:deconv2dlayer .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  like   max
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  sort nodes in the graph of inputs .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  sort   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  this is a bit request that will not be used to render the gui to a plotly with the log in the python fetcher queue will not count okay if
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  is   token
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a dict from openid .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  build   url
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a job value .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   add
truth:  return   data

test:  finds the binary data into a csr matrix .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  code   element
truth:  find   find

test:  returns initial[u'name'] of the first successful user object .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  adds   send
truth:  fills   in

test:  return the number of notification notifications for the given config file .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check that only accepts modbus components and .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  flag   like
truth:  checks   checks

test:  determine if the image is of a numpy array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  determine   number
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is the passing differences .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  object   product
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  take a nested function and returns a flat list of errors .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if the url is in the ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test checking characters .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   python
truth:  loading   loading

test:  given a template template uri .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri for the specified uri in the list section .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  lists   quote
truth:  transform   a

test:  convert labels into an array of matrices .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  labels   null
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the reduced correlation matrix .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  compute   y
truth:  return   x

test:  returns the container info of the container .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure only one table can be read before the number of spaces .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  mock art archive string .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  return   art

test:  test that a site permissions are not cause no existing request or stored in no request .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between [lat and .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a content of all content matching the given content .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  this is the conditional encoded paths to be used as the changed/added to avoid "+" .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  is   matrixsvg
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a function and add sender to a vm .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using color visibility url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  returns whether the user can view a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a url in the url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that a worker .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given charset encoding encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return custom attributes for year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   works
truth:  null   null

test:  create two exits to and from the two rooms example .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  order   output
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of original .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  get the current time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  translates an appropriate fault code based on the given actor code .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a firewall instance .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   null
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  calls the networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   function
truth:  existing   list

test:  get a nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  saves an metadata file into a given metadata .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  insert   backup
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove all the keys in the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  pair   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse plugin fields and return dict for a album template string .
truth: as above . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  null   null

test:  release media instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  lock   media
truth:  get   media

test:  given a list of the state names and an ratings .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the windows pids of the os .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services in the specified service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test that handling of matrices iterator is right .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  return dataframe to a dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  computes a unit list of units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  calculates   values
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple login handler for request methods .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list for all locale directories for the locale .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize an in-memory minion and settings setting settings for it .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  helper for solving two terms .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test label label spaces with multiple spaces .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  label   source
truth:  label   label

test:  return an html entries for a genericimagedatasetjob vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a mongodb structure for all the passed return back on this minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the content of the service about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  get   get

test:  strip the records from a line of the type .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  strip   helper
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the objects at the given prettytables or none .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction user .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate a device with the given array or group array .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return the indented code for the specified locale .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  load the default template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  strips double quotes of whitespace in the level of and trailing spaces .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a pooling loss instance .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  return   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the event on the provider and toggle in .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  calls the specified function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the value of the first line with a given split line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete the last index .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  fetch   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse a string of the input integers .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  expects   null

test:  helper function that yields a new stream .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  a shortcut for sending message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects to use for a given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  custom custom entities in a custom entities .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  returns   controller

test:  format a string for the sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the vecty of a vector field computed wrt the base frame of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens and reads the host and returns a tuple .
truth: open stream . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a dict representation of resource names and limit for resource type .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items from a list of alike or only if the given number of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  pull the points starting with a libraries of points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  pull   points
truth:  normalize   a

test:  display a [[] network boxes for the specified image .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  display   show
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  extract test handling when he wrong .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  expands   a
truth:  url   url

test:  remove latex chars from a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the lvm output of a database .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   a

test:  show a static transport in a static node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list the current process .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  verify an attribute has been created returns true if django key .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  warning   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new json user cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  extract the ajax mime types from an account .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that traffic throws appropriate valueerror .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  like config .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  like   config
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the node from the given node as a list .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve the first item from the iterator by the iterator of datasets .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  to   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets data .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   method
truth:  detach   elb

test:  a simple data request to remove top-level state data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  null   text
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a pool of the keys in the dict .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  create   dask
truth:  return   a

test:  take a hex color and return the corresponding color number .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   rgb
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  a page to ensure that the request has been logged in the user .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   error
truth:  print   print

test:  fully hash of simplisticly md5 hash algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   subroutine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy mean of two elements in sparse score .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  mean   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an integer to network .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  find an object by hashing its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  register   null
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the eventually sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sends the vehicle in the specified duration of seconds .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  sends   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if a pip is listed .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  random init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  check whether the column index is named by the index .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  xor   dataframe
truth:  inputs   a

test:  finds choice choices with the given value .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  finds   replacement
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a generator returning all sentences and start : string value of a sentences whose prefix has the same class .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  is   generator
truth:  generate   generate

test:  find the trailing element of f and g .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  find   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  transform a vector to residual .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability of the availability to use .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create the w3af signify .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of the dns dns ip addresses to use to find the subnet server that loads on the target dict .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  is   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set access to access credentials for google key type .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   connect
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from content content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configure the app remote stub remote host remote host .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  does   null

test:  a wrapped function to format an wrapped "{}mustbeoftype'{}'" message .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  decrypt   update
truth:  set   set

test:  check if the contents of astropy in the output .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   current
truth:  read   read

test:  wrap a line of text to make it easier .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest traces .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email when a new reporter is posted to a new new reporter .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  like string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  return   return

test:  define define html if needed .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a string of escape .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches or runs the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  store a png device names .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  read   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new tdes key cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the contents of the openbsd function uses the docstring to parse the docstring e .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attempt to attach a certificate to an instance .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  request   ssl
truth:  define   null

test:  recursively merge a nested path directories into a dict .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  change   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : step expr | ruleitem le le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  return the contents of the sites instances of the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  import   attributes
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies that an object and int are properly changed and locking place .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a list of the currently set locale in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the formats option for formats and formats the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   remote
truth:  list   list

test:  set a value in the minion datastore .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  call   null
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from softlayer concerning a guest .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds elements of sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  discretize subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes leading and trailing whitespace from the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  leading   whitespace
truth:  strips   strips

test:  find fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  'management quits from a django option .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  renders markdown text to escape the chars .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  markdown   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to ensure that the file is encoder .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  like the given file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  like   a
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a function with the given name .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  verifies that the display message parsed by the database .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  null   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of paths read from egg information .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  return   list
truth:  find   find

test:  run commands to the patch command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  start   celery

test:  check if a user exists under path .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the ports of serialports find out of the items that are valid .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   multiprocessing
truth:  scans   null

test:  create a histogram of the api and calls it .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  test   initialization

test:  same as comments/list .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  python setup .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  array   validate
truth:  run   python

test:  list out an expression with only subs and assign expressions to a sympy expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the date/time string from the config .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  get the current extension in use for raw oauth2credentials api .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  get   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by start .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a dictionary of edges which have a directed graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterates over a list of base base base base base base base contains the specified number of characters .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  iterates   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a cabal package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to acquire a synchronous method to plot the bouncer database with a new exception .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send pending event loop and a dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  format the path for given path to access source url .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  format   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns an iterator that maps n elements of size n to find n elements .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a qualified object and the given module .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  format a text string using the current column .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  format   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of a given distribution .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the rich-club cycle of the given alternating edge in g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a python timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate a single parameter name for enum enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers the default attachments handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key with a loop .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a helper function for computing the vectors absolute for reproducibility .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the sum of the matrix that decrefs design .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the httpd and port .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most recent port in the import dataset to vectors .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  returns a purchase name of the endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that all apps arent at least one of the list .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces space character value with random blank characters .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  validate the user to add a nan? when the owner .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  help   a
truth:  register   register

test:  get server statistics over the given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  server   widgets
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  return all of the keys from the mount point .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a test suite .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  print   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a nice po file from hosts .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  derivative spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  null   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is present on a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a given name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test ask with ask context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  ask   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  random lines .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance uuid .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only for only on posix-like systems with the mysql command .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a migratin as an mpttmodel .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  return dictionary of internal entities for django found in the management directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  group together named setup/teardown .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  load a 2d file from the given filename .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  checks if user can view permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  if   users
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the generated url for containers .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  initialize   calculate
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the git version of git .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given salted value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in parallel 'soft' .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as deprecated from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns a tuple containing the result of a particular task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   queries
truth:  returns   task

test:  sets up and dot storage option for efficient .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  register   apply
truth:  create   create

test:  determine the linode function .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up genericrelations to the default test fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  alias for testing .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the gaussian wavefunction kernel for an oscillator continuous harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allows you to run once on the gl .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the cached url for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  testing   set
truth:  set   set

test:  sends an email to the user .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  update the notification type .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  build   multiple
truth:  get   get

test:  return items from the database with any possible values .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  run   run

test:  set the gui folder for a given apps .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   uses
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the eelif transform for the given image metadata .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  if the decorator applied to add a requests responses that is a static responses .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of gpd keys with the same keys as the string will be sorted alphabetically .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete nictag users from the system .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   load
truth:  delete   user

test:  merge source change .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a tree of relation metadata .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the number of core legendre .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  compute   legendre
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test that when .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the kernel kernel of x .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  given   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  find the specified network device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  dump   change
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the euclidean sum of the x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access list by the flavor type access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  the filter to check if they log a new location is request' .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove events that match events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   lines

test:  create a yaml block into our keywords .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  create   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  show hours for the network .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  execute   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  removes previous examples .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  remove   -
truth:  errors   errors

test:  internal logic for package id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  null   package
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the file from the given format string .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  file   file

test:  find the accounts which is in the given accounts period .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  find   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase activity activity for each user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a tuple of strings; objects .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the version of a service .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the http partition value and returns a tuple or a range header .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   spam
truth:  parses   a

test:  current 0print property value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   function
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build header .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a decorator for copy_reg to do state information .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for response['results'][ queries .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  search   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return a friendly timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute an singular or an singular matrix for a complex matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  take a hex string *s* and return an rgb tuple .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a tensor with zero elements of the specified shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   max
truth:  creates   a

test:  calculate the labels for a given distribution .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the current compensation setting cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns message to the given user id .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  for conversion this test suite :) .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  called   setup
truth:  to   runner

test:  yield all nodes seen in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the combined metadata key for the combined version of the combined key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a command by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the datetime is before the same time .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if ~/viewfinder fields are found in the given model and the results .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get event events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  verifies that the specified application name is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  replace   checks
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of tweet fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the crop for an image tensor .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the full absolute digr implementation using the given digr node .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper for creating values from multiple data with qdatastream .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   status
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of the names of which packages are available .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  strip   entry
truth:  if   null

test:  extract python id from base64 encoded token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision value from the first folder if none exists .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  the helper for the n-queens of *x* .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  compute nth cartesian = av .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  mean   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  run the registered installers for the client .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  configures the configuration object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check for minterm[i] .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute quadratic vector math for an error .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  return   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  this view is a decorator which implements an arguments that is needed to call to cache a real headers to do any arguments listed in a release headers .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  try   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to add a versions of inputs .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  construct   tests
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  calculates missing lines .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  expect   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  prepare for seconds .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  queries   auto
truth:  set   http

test:  sets the lock and tunnel inside a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  set   null
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split an array of netmask and return the netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on freebsd systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  confine   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  the callback parameterize and callback returns a callback object .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  minimize   code
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new dict containing multiple attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  attribute   policy
truth:  returns   a

test:  export the i18n .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  is   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  add a network to the specified network using a network neural network to avoid strange the user input source code .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return a list of the items in the sequence .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  create public cpus in the application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a file location for a file or in updated configuration .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  remote   remote

test:  translates value to a value .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  remove duplicated and trailing whitespace from text .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  constructs a file and then revert the filename to given filename .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  do not use with length .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  do   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get line with group .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  lookup   line
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi parts of a list of components in a given rgb .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  converts value to hex color values .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  value   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png image for the specified image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test that an empty response is requested .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   arp_cache
truth:  return   return

test:  compatibility wrapper around the alerts method with the same settings .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  function   show
truth:  runs   a

test:  create a full dtype for a given dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  create   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for asks information .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  target} is a function that always have been a tty .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  indent   return
truth:  null   null

test:  construct and return an migrations instance from the clifilters attachment .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns an iterator over a symbol that is the 'q' .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  return length of git app .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  generates the paths for testfiles searching for testfiles searching for testfiles .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a call on a list of ip .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  execute the bokeh application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  execute   install
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given the location names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  format   format

test:  run a job on the given job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field and inject generators into global namespace .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  code the services in denotes compatible webob exceptions to make an oauth request .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  code   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add indexed loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  index   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  dummy plugin returning the request .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  index   a
truth:  render   render

test:  display a resource record for an alert query .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new key that can be used to perform pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  runs many left and update data related to the commenttree result in a series of scales values .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  align   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  do   null

test:  imports of value to make it beautiful beautiful rather than the name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   null

test:  test that proportions can be able to generate proportions for pairs of a chisquare test for proportions et al .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ascii pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  read the git header in a git header with the git header .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order linear differential equation with best coefficients using the method .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   sort
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorator to decorate a class where sites are saved .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  random rotation .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base value to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an no if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  example: {% hook_output after unicode %} .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for a process to become with common prefix .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  extends   long
truth:  click   click

test:  is the syntax code between a string name .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this test can be used for test this test classes .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  function   function

test:  closest the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the number of original pieces from 1 .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  is   null
truth:  using   null

test:  remove a nexusport binding from database .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments from a node .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  adds html characters that may be mongodb .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  insert   insert

test:  write a more .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  write   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a more last-modified header tuple that parses the contents of a assets and parses it into a dictionary .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   pool
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  check if n is an euler number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transform and return a numpy image with the same length as the numpy image tensor .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  transforms   images
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make 2d vector with given axis .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   pull
truth:  list   list

test:  get the packets containing a constant containing correspond to their key containing celery .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  shows all known names of a string .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  declares   null

test:  parse flowgrams to a byte .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  parse   estimate
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return the suitable grid url for the given grid .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  return   page
truth:  send   send

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change text to spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  return   text
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  this is a list of strings .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get the home directory location .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   modules
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts two binary arrays .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a token for emphasizing a given token using the same secret as the gammacorrect official user for decrement that choose and sets a reference to trakt it .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  generate   checks
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a dict with contents of testing field .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  is   null

test:  adds a step instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  clean   eip
truth:  change   change

test:  gets a dictionary that returns the full result of a given patched instance .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the time in the console .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  check a valueerror error message .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a relative javascript record .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  returns   limit
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   cleanup
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  filter out a source string .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  filter   default
truth:  extracts   null

test:  helper function to map strings into datasheet for snapshot and later .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available network device that can be installed into the system data .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  start a command .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a server .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  server   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the current axes:: and return a list of ast example or string .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set how color with setting proxy .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  change   color
truth:  set   set

test:  a more weird class for calculating the mro *x* support symlinks with a basepath template .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  replacement for a class that defines a class .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  if   list
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  checks if the point is before the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable which are not dominated in the same order they are not dominated .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  null   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  export dataframe length for dataframe dataframe parameters values : dataframe notes dataframe representing the data .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  if   test

test:  is the given dict .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by ovs ports created this installation .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  computes the rho rho parameters .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  computes   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve groups and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   attempt
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard role *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard entering
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  function   function

test:  skills controller - needed for default/person waypoints - only create standing aggregated data is fixed from the pylab .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns true if archive is a working directory .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  install   max
truth:  short   get

test:  fix html5 information for an asn1_integer .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  fix   iterator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  contiguous memory indices for a contiguous array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given coordinate name that return a [cs sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  used   routines
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run windows only once when its not running in a context .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  creates and ordered string with instance information as ordered by instance .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a symbolic bytes for the given argument passed in the arguments passed in bytes .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  return   type
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  like |safe but converts a positive integer into a url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  like   input
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a path from an xml file .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  translates   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generate encoding for g in g parameters g : string encoding for g data for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  copy lines of lines to avoid mocking and write lines due to the given block file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   text
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates entropy interpolation between two sequences .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   find
truth:  generates   null

test:  return list of indices that are supported by the caller function .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  string   error
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a process and log it to the given reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  lookup   compatibility
truth:  call   call

test:  prepare a python metric to inform products and local_rebroadcast_lift .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  open   radon
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate remote the services args are an installable .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the request header and return a tuple from an array or an array .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  provide   polynomial
truth:  if   check

test:  show details .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extract common indexes from string into unicode string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  gets objects with objects that are not yet between objects .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  support   works
truth:  null   idea

test:  parses the path uri and raises an gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the power for a given prime p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used to add its docstring .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for a list of images .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing text from aws order .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the available information on the compute device cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  the singular/eigen function simply returns the list of all items of the given list of samples of which are assigned to be assigned .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the given value to a string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  imdb imdb values .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  split   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   web
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  a unicode handling version of the path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  merge two matrices when *x* is a sql of the magic values .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  order   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert a color or color to hex color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  structurize the name format as a dict .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the message zones to which a phone time belongs to one belongs .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read data from frame into frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   asserts
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find a package that contain a library files .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup common tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator that tests that use unhandled .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   func
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the mac adapters of a network adapters .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the cloud automation to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   display

test:  helper for _group_ranges .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  if   test

test:  given a query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  see initialization .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  see   task
truth:  computes   null

test:  a simple parser for content-type values .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario should not extract only the tags column .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace all of the common prefix with a specific kb name .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  return true if the given field is field or an **insert** field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template dictionary into a partition dictionary .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  if the first field uses first quotes and fields as a list .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  time   null
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by normalized string .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate the facts from things .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  rebuild   migrations
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encodes an input string as a unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encodes   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a module name in the webui file .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  return an absolute connection to .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  build   attempt
truth:  string   string

test:  return the u"default" bits of the given bits .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  return   byte
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  are collection closed operations .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  existing   whitespace
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list with exploration names of recommended explorations to this module .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test that the partial derivative works .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of binary der format .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  checks if the request is sync .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  if   submodules
truth:  mark   mark

test:  a factory to require the minimum client for a given registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  generate a axis' response .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  generate   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a filesystem object from the given name and filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  clones master of repo_url in given git repository .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   merge
truth:  specified   clones

test:  start all line number for a given frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  start   actions
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compile a c link to an object .
truth: add tag . 
test:  compile   current
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote / argument name so we skip braces .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information for a users user .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a sqlalchemy match for a given sqlalchemy configuration .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  creates a vbd distribution .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  error function for the given function with no arguments .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  function   test
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new description of the given description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an sql header header into a dictionary of information .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  looks for an condition on a list with integers .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  fade any currently active music and a new playlist from the current rule .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parses and returns the given time .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parses   cast
truth:  stack   stack

test:  initialize the application in case a user already exist .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create hex string representation of a string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  create   s
truth:  given   null

test:  validate that the whitelist files are set .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  fail   copies
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  find control of slice numbers in slice with a .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  control   text
truth:  create   a

test:  return the estate manor stats for the specified stack .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  return   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate the number of items for a given album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  generate   connect
truth:  return   number

test:  return the current linux interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a number or a string of an unsigned number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generates the permutation group of n ids .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  base   base

test:  reload the custom environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  fake customs_shortcuts .
truth: custom view . 
test:  fake   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper to easily add to subject in subject .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a string into cased words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the obj and return obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always decode a unicode path and a unicode string .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  filename   path
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach chuang by chung-yao .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple that is close to some of the given function .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables from the relevant file to a dictionary of variables .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check whether versioninfo information is a tuple with versioninfo being a tuple and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  display   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the provided path to the directory it will be stored inside .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  test filter filters that a given scheduler .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role from a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  the
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  duplicate   repr
truth:  run   a

test:  return true if address is an ipv6 address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a fake root window and prints the result .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform a os distribution into a percentage of weighted distance from weighted iterator .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  transform   convenience
truth:  chooses   a

test:  computes the monomial alarm product of x .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all of the projects we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a sql tables used to reset the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates bson mapping for <ins> that is true .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  version of check_output which does not throw error .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  expects   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to an existing method .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  change   change

test:  return the given data structure based on the vocabulary in offset and offset silently from the one hybrid * fit hexadecimal representation of the given shape under the qt_log_ignore code
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  object   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   multivariate
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  creates url for url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given number of op .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a sql swift acl string with the headers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   urls
truth:  github   github

test:  it is a table of sub-contracted .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  look   root
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  run a test case only if given file system is not in the class .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sorted ids sorted by ascending order table .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  get the fact that are mainnet as specified .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a random global random user .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  be   null

test:  convert a chance matrix to two points .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class as a decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks if an integer is a large number or template and returns a string with only the number of days days and template values .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if the given reserved is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the metadata to the api that is suitable for later use .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  look   figure
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 and indices are always return a string bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test that handling works without any capacity exceptions .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  is   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  refresh instructortask the http-equiv tags and executes a test suite .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   push
truth:  return   arguments

test:  extension of an argument passed in .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for view if cors .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper function to return the number of bits .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  just like uninstalling a request and return a boolean if it fails .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  does   null

test:  format a nested task with the given commands or summary domain name as a list of the task state .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the child of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  like   like

test:  return string that instantiates the given width and occur width of a 4d .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  query   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  safely compute a abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  computes   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to initiate requests to hook into social auth .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  function   redirects
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rslices to an rslices pointer .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   inverse
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  convert integer part of the given number .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a suitable tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the named key is a list .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   add
truth:  perform   a

test:  flag discounted covariance matrix for testing .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   error
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of home .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  config   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   behavior
truth:  read   read

test:  return the whitespace from a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse command line arguments and return a triple of any arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds stats headers to the cache .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  null   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns a numpy array of rnd .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   use

test:  check if a server:port combination is a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  format a numpy array for the sparse handler .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  format   status
truth:  get   get

test:  build and returns a data dict for the volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  return   a

test:  execute sql osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  validate that value is a number of email addresses .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns an iterator over the specified file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this module is only available on minions .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  null   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  corrupts return an array .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  paginated all item names that are common into the same meaning by the ticket dict .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  split   split

test:  function that returns a trace to the esxi host of a vcenter server whose badge is from which to create cli example: .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  plan a linode into the instance .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  show the value .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  read   a

test:  generate the real {'meta for many random paths given a list of tuples .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  draw   project
truth:  like   like

test:  provided for a user files from a codepoint return an includes string of the version .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  downloads   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode json object to json so that it can be embedded in javascript .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  works   escape
truth:  output   output

test:  create a base template instance for a group instance and its information .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test meta cache when deactivated in deactivated mode .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  cache   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create a relative package name .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allocate a console exit .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  null   section

test:  get the value of the given character in line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  search   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  print text output and returns output .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  load either an minfo tree by the specified flask tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds the given nameserver or leaf degree .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  finds   bytes
truth:  null   cluster

test:  corresponds descriptions for the given period of _ .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  multivariate   release
truth:  release   a

test:  move event line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  import   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra file for working directory defaults .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configures the scenario and exclusive_or_expression them to be run using the scenario .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  configures   key
truth:  null   null

test:  encode strings by urllib and backslashes to lowercase .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  merge   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract the version of astropy .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete image networks by their images .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  null   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  define a single class .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  define   windows
truth:  return   return

test:  update the account for all items in the app .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  update   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse the http response code and return a python object .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json body .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if places is valid .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  strip static strings to webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  sample   messages
truth:  install   install

test:  test full fig for generating dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  if   test

test:  generate a model for the extra window .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the given path exists and can be placed by the given directory .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  check   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   handler
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  make code for a tarball into a string .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  code   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a fake public key .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   salt

test:  extract base64 program parser parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  extract   register
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  blocks a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of a block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  search   commands
truth:  filter   filter

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  create a fake site-packages directory .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax tax lines for package level lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  abort the object holding a list of pool ids .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  abort   use
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the path to a file for a file or directory .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the point difference between two points .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove regex that may be used as string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a tar object .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  write a response to the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  write   a
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main function for log fasta file and return log filepath -- truncate number of fasta fasta filepath to truncate .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  output   output
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new cookiecutter server based on the cookiecutter theme .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   shows
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best best to use with search args: kwargs: kwargs : the kwargs to return returns: a list of term to return returns: a list of term
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a group of sequences .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete text method so that it is not none and at least one end of the cursor .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  text   compare
truth:  run   run

test:  write a numpy array to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  check that forces a single user works .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  warning: -f(x) function for flexible .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  if the given tag is a yaml tag for a given yaml .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get points of coords .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  convert a string to percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  i]if : floatx | qliteral .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the maximum file for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  internal function for direct_declarator an undefined attribute specifications .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split a pathname into a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an instance of the serial module .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the provided value for option .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   reduction
truth:  function   function

test:  return the link link to the bokeh node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the sparse matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the suffix for a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   in
truth:  function   function

test:  return the condition of a vector .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   values
truth:  return   return

test:  return description of the given frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the currently active string or the default string if no request is not currently active string .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given a specific slug name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  given   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a backing device(s) to the form operation on the given road .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  put   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert an opcode to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the model and update it the specified model or model if any instance is appended .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command with the subprocess .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convert obj into an object and return obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  obj   test
truth:  null   standard

test:  galaxy_test_file_dir galaxy_test_file_dir .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  configure   details
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of module libraries available for libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format an image as a more track .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  format   metadata
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator factory for hash_type .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  wrapper around systemfunction005 .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  given   a

test:  create a file of all trailing types .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  convert the string to a message .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  allow   chunks
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the name of a resource relative to the provided path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   up
truth:  to   null

test:  remove all acceptable email addresses from a user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a maxheap from the stream or automatically objects .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parses   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a 307 temporary file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   size
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  null   shim

test:  return a condensed path for nodes in one set .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   time
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launch the git branch dialog .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  launch   dictionary
truth:  opens   null

test:  convert files to a wxpython of files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  compute a rational distance between two points .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list the modifications for the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  list   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert path to egg folder .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current thread .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  converts a datetime to an structural .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the maxdishes for a boolean array .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   a
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  null   null
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that zero operator are created correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  given   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate the text of a batch .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  turn   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load the data in json format only if any .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  constructs a pickle statistic without having accessed camera .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random length as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] and returns a tuple of the length .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns captured representation of yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns the window of the mean where 1 and y are equal .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  make reduced platform classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a pip checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  returns session output .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   returns
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  when a user is created args: username: the order to check returns: an item in invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a 2d tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   triangulation
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator that logs out of the application setting to log in web command .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  replaces   call
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   milestone

test:  check if the modules are available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  converts the given iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a select query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  event is the pixel and filter events .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  check if an environment variable is restricted to the given id .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  if   nodes
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  way that fix the existing way is clones .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   set
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the entity key from an entity kind .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore callable for sequences in a given object .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  align   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  set the versioned version string from the password .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  set   return
truth:  null   a

test:  sample a dict from the application context .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  send   shows
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export an site .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file in the given file in the given file in the given file in the file in the given
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read source table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   in

test:  if the datastore url is created .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a string is a valid string .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   call
truth:  check   check

test:  check that value is true .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  check   python
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the attribute for the given value .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return an array of all available mac addresses .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  =   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks for the executable in the current category .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  use   replacement
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator that checks the user is logged in .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether a set of both the filepath .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a generator that will return the passed objects .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   calling
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the profile of a given username .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience method to correlate timestamp to check for a past to the base_path location of the past frames .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the auth for the username or tab files found in this .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield directories for one directory and all subdirectories inside folder .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  to   sys
truth:  iterates   null

test:  in the internal registration registration for the given course .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  generates   prints
truth:  look   null

test:  wrapper for functions that generates a list of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check macros dict of values .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  ssh   show
truth:  null   a

test:  test raw test cases from raw file .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  do not produce empty scalar level .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  do   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute square-free pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  register a backup .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  register   api
truth:  null   null

test:  convert relative file to a numpy filename .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate the dependency for sublime selection selection .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the input length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the exponential function of a variable .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  returns   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  validate and decode an appropriate header value in course str .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for snake .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  taken   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if all plugins are available .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  display a page page with the given name and message .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from radiuscomplex to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   radiants
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensures that updateable functions correctly talk functions .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  execute the script with the right command .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  execute   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the course structure containing the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether an object is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language for this thread .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  move topic by same as a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  move   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class configured for the same module as the configured module .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run tests of a particular runner .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop in the channel is intersecting a loop in the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a class that maps the given requirement sequences to be instantiated with the given requirement .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a html representation of the text .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add a single status using the given resolver object .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  initialize   null

test:  factory function to get a new region backends .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   in
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ajax view that meant to echo a wiki document to a hosts .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the matching matching matching strings .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  transport -> polynomial of a polynomial at a in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a universal source and generate wrapper to generate .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write data to a list of items .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   data

test:  attempts to if an email address is an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generates all the current thumbnail options and resets the host .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon partitions platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka client .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first axes of an array of syntax .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a line from the basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  produce a resource name for the given resource name .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  produce   get
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  a new pipeline setting that is active strategy .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  null   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   container
truth:  search   search

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return networks id for project or raise if project does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations for pythons numpy manner .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  for a string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  null   step
truth:  is   null

test:  check if a given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  utf-8   function
truth:  to   encode

test:  formats the the value .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  return   a

test:  same as currently registered .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  null   a
truth:  requests   requests

test:  given a sentence name .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an init class with the given parent object .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  export the given cgi-style to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   rule
truth:  git   git

test:  upload s3 information to s3 s3 location .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   query
truth:  upload   a

test:  send pyrax information to the request based on response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  send   object
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  convert a user object to a group of anonymous objects .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start form: binded binded to the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the facebook component .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  ensure a path exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads the object to the given backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  loads   backend
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a slice .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  delete   character

test:  build the layer layer of a list of parameters to represent a list of the parameters of the parameters of all the parameters of the provided protocol values in order
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  an iterable of link-local selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   type

test:  convert input images to the appropriate image tensor .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the specified user does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return false if sparse matrix are sparse .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  boolean   dot
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert an dask array to a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the next hypertext from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   in
truth:  get   get

test:  all active parameter .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the module path to the directory that contains no arguments .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   add
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return the name and user name .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  return the position in the epoch supported by the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  return   return
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  saves text to a file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a sqlite3 book array that describes the specified ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  builds   information
truth:  null   utility

test:  if no header is a view and enforces this value .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  default   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure lambda gets compiled correctly in various keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trims urls that shouldnt be used as html tags .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  return   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get a command to be registered in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the metadata from the given stream .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the path to the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merges a single text into a new more information for text without splitting the text data from the text files .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  do   string
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  determines a cache key for caching .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return the alloc of the given node .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  return   plugin
truth:  if   null

test:  check if a file descriptor is a properly descriptor for testing .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  open a process .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  open   signals
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  find all of the given xml elements in the given xpath path .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  print current time representation of json file .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  print   function
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the named image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return the relative url to the current url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  remove all elements of array to tup: .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check all svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts x to b-spline axis .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  smooth   function
truth:  null   null

test:  used by the task to remove the folders .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  used   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrap a function expecting refresher .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  replace   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates a javascript representation for a dynamic converter + amis .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  generates   a

test:  return locale and name .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  attributes   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  remove the owner of an object .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  remove   python
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return tuples from an element with shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the anonymous user object .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unpauses a package name .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  determine if the repository should be treated as a free space to init .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the moonish graph represents a transform distance to the correct altaz .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  toggle   number
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string to binary data .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fdel task fdel logic for an fget function .
truth: like @property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  vote a vote event .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   bson
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal graph of the given tournament node p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an integer cookie cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate url for the given object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   guess
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data and returns uptime weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  same as _find_iso_sr except raises a resource in the server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the latest certificate from config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   return
truth:  do   null

test:  iterate through the object and begin serialization serialization .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  strip the given zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  unpack   files
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure that the named vm is absent name the name of the target to remove login : boolean unique value is absent name of the host with all of the
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  make   state
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a mrjob configuration file and return a dictionary of the info .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  search the path for executable by the above .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  search   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   set
truth:  transform   transform

test:  make sure the string representation of unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   bytes
truth:  make   null

test:  list ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified powerpath is absent name the host to remove .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test various model uploads .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  list   utility
truth:  to   try

test:  take a source string and list of stuff .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces a regression is a regression test .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  assert   checks
truth:  url   url

test:  tests whether a response is a mock json response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard deviation of the given tournament + variance that is the expected value for the given creation_sequence and the configwidget as the default creation_sequence .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  emulate directories for given path .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  retrieve   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote an item with a res[i]try way .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  prefix   permissions
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  strip all commented lines in a block of comment lines .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  string   string

test:  helper function to return a list of esxcli numbers from the master or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  function   a
truth:  show   status

test:  given a list of dotted-notation .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  given   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  try to return the serial script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  to   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the default paragraph block of a set of values .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  default   product
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for writing default options .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   error
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a relative file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles results only .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string that will be a tuple .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  include   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate the coordinates of an array *x* .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return scene exceptions for given indexer or cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  playback the playback to playback output file .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  compute unconstrained vector of unconstrained parameters used in likelihood : array-like returns unconstrained : array unconstrained matrices of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  compute   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find program in the system .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  to   find
truth:  find   program

test:  taking the given function .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether locale is currently used for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return mro for an appropriate class .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  object   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to apply handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  set   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if a module is a full filename: directory .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the given problem is properly installed .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  check   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parse the user-agent string to display twisted about a the python version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to seconds .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  like broadcast .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  given   signal
truth:  view   view

test:  transform x to the exponential of a number .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the data from a linode api .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a wav df to a app-version module .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the number of milestones milestones (e .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   api

test:  compute the row in a readable format attribute of the given row .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  is   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  compute style loss between bases and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  compute   axes
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to require a function only ever .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  generate the directory of the tool shed to connect to a parent tool for the details of a given tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   strip
truth:  provide   a

test:  reads the exception returned by the request and returns the value .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  reads   django
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  mask a any item in the ndarray by values .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  for a given source .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  update a string at most spaces spaces .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  null   documentation
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample names .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  resample   contents
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   projects
truth:  read   read

test:  generate raw encoding for a large number .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   output
truth:  return   a

test:  print a status message to stderr .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   report
truth:  error   error

test:  compute divisors of n divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  function   function

test:  initializes initializes the isbold of config file .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  changes   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate the progressive centrality using the discrete logarithm .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  simply include usage information .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   lx

test:  main command-line arguments .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for git .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  assumes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the given kernel is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  is   null

test:  make a request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  makes   a

test:  check if a string is a query string .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to an ordinal string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test that a valueerror can be loaded .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  process markdown and return html for the given text that settings: their field .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   render
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to add a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator that automatically do not fail when the exceptions belongs to critical .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  tests if an aws spec only returns a spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  upgrades   details
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation objects from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test the given model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  test   package
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a message to the login with a list of error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   element
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a user is matched name name the running search name name of attr_name cooperative twitter user to set search .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  replace   replace

test:  flask a request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an object to a rational sequence .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the block diagonal vector of an image parameters x : 1d array block new block device .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  get   axis
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints an icon html title and a local html .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  prints   text
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current device address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  list the modules that owns this minion cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a string of a host name .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   size
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns an identity field for a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  function   function

test:  pretty print the alignment from the interface .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  toggle   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  given a query string or base64 format .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  given   decodes
truth:  post   post

test:  this function appserver a directed or appserver from a op .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  function   bind
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes unicode strings from a string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decode   filter
truth:  guess   guess

test:  set the local minimum index .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  rate   check
truth:  launch   launch

test:  delete a file .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate the path to the package database .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  null   load
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  callback function to display the matplotlib image .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  convert the message in a string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  convert   pairs
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a list of tuples into a list of signature .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  format   a

test:  setup logging helper to a backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  get a *o* from the database .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  get   method
truth:  null   helper

test:  send an event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  send   validation
truth:  given   null

test:  adds the simp or seen_ts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  list of queues currently being download without a task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a notification about the response .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to modify .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   media
truth:  change   change

test:  returns lowercase of value with lowercase .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  check to see if python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  for a given sequence of fields .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  modbus   join
truth:  join   operation

test:  returns the path of the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a logger with the same name as a string .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  store a new github stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  store   length
truth:  github   github

test:  transforms the demos .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  init   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a new secret object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the file received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reads a phyloxml .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the indented of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   name
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the date blocks which user can actually replace for the given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of 3-d .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to call a function which return public and ignore accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class for py2 & py3 this code is copied from six in six & py3 the create for py2 python code .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm lsm structure from the current buffer file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   exclude
truth:  read   read

test:  encode file at filename .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a negatives .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an existing coerce to the list of memberships and output files .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   file
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the site configuration for the specified site configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper for strings to topologically the repetition h: h: is amount of repetition & quadrature that notes: is amount of characters and then truncate the list of triples .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  split   split
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return local local local path name .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  join   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path matches the system path .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  sets application to the given application .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  writes special characters to the writer file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   unescape
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  return latex or prod from invalid results .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  if the vlan is network interface name .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests whether temporary file date exists .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the provided attributes .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a dict representation of an object .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   a

test:  this is the plugins that can be set the init version of the plugins .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the autostarted distance between two numbers .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   none
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  perform an action and returns cleaned permissions for the given action .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  if   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  see _process_info_installed_output() .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  push   null
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a given timezone time zone to the current timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two jinja2 .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add a new version of the alerts to the server .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy the instance type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  return information about a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  issue statements corresponding to a relationship() which specifies an initial pass .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run a semicolon-separated formatted string client .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  run   process
truth:  return   return

test:  create a edit document form .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  generates   volume
truth:  create   a

test:  return standard order for standard order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  return   iterable
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an html string from the path to a dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column works .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   end
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  create   console
truth:  setup   setup

test:  format kinds for memcache sizes and return a tuple of tuples .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  format   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  a helper method to ignore warnings .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  file   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  search for checking for entrance formatted exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  handles   edit
truth:  null   workflow

test:  structurize the trees that yields trimmed output file handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  errors   program
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove a network device cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   return
truth:  save   null

test:  filter a trend scripts .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  filter   expr
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a path into c by moving a list of the template path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a node from the specified volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  abort   calling
truth:  detach   a

test:  run the no username for no boilerplate button .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  run   bandwidth
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color to open the text .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  counts the number of multipolar in a sentence of the positive integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  counts   algorithm
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns a hash digest for the concatenation .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to the given prefix directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   object
truth:  return   a

test:  strip a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  gets a string text to edit the given text to its field .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  header   header

test:  delete chkconfig service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   logging
truth:  given   a

test:  convert vector of pointers .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  status code and returns a status .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of list of ids to expansion .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  get   words

test:  converts value to a long int using the option and int .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  is this a repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the set of indexes to read_time: in history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  get a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   resource

test:  look up multiple servers values for the server .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  look   null
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin allows you to execute a build step .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a :class:flask .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  is   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  same as a base b .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  replace desktop icons with clearing .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  context   list
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to a signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  to   count
truth:  connect   connect

test:  make a blaze algorithm of an instructor form .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  make   prompt
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  return existing element of the :meth:path with marker .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  click   function
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of _winreg used for inverse array .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  given a pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  try to open the file .
truth: open history . 
test:  to   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the configuration file from the object and returns the removal .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  read   read

test:  plot a kivy 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' on a polar and returns via labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  run docker docker distribution .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  upgrade   script
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : token | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to return a file root directory containing a root version .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if and only if the given coordinate is not available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy a file reference to the idle directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  file   file

test:  convenience function to remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate that a value is one or more volume .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a 0smoothed at k .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  return   count
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the current view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  return   list
truth:  launches   null

test:  test existing use of text .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   implementation
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap graph to make plots .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  build   build

test:  creates an fieldexpression from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   field
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  draw a plot on the blank image with a string .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  draw   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  execute a pillar on the minion .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  execute   data
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return a variable name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   users
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  generic generic base_dir options .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the data in the row prefix represented by the row prefix editor .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  find   list
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file name for the directory containing one or more untrusted files .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  extract fraction from a fraction .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a key string containing counters? .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns the original item in the minion .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add pillar from complex polygon .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  preprocess image info from the image and preprocess .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  display   image
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  copy for *n* .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  files   setuptools
truth:  start   a

test:  stream" edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  put a program to sleep at most seconds .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  put   a
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  return the first name from name and name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   node

test:  returns a list of paths that match the given xpath path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  list   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set a setting parameter for channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the cartesian matrix by given matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first message should show only one input is shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the entire paths of the given paths .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  converts string into a function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  string   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  open a pmf .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  open   replace
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to be updated .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with random length as input .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 parameter string as an nltkdemo already .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an entry from the current request .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  store a dict of the daily values for the user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  load   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a db name .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  given   items
truth:  null   null

test:  get tasks status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  get   null
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted roads roads roads url for place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  known   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the registered app label for the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  is this a partial integer or lowest if drawing of the integer lst .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  is   changes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  render the vulndb/data contents to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  encodes unicode string to bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   like
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a format string for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for a users exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a rdbms database instance according to the configuration in rdbms .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare intermediate censure keypoints for expected values with the expected scale and their corresponding scale for keypoints .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  source   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  lifted-loop project g for current remote host .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  backup   upload
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  most valid credentials and check for a cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a service object for the given service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop call only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  function to respond to inform messages .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  compile some model with given number of elements of a given axis .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  model   test
truth:  test   test

test:  lists out the lists for each command .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  lists   command
truth:  grab   drac

test:  creates a name for a given command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues notification subscription as a course and uses the next course subscription link to *v* their notification in the course subscription on the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is binary .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  test the status manager .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  are   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  select the metadata for the specified task for the specified task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  select   fingerprint
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd test directory .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  creates a post-order for the icon of an action for all icon ones .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a methods function can load a new django dict .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  given   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the data about the widget or the external certificate about the received server .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  look   dummy
truth:  return   data

test:  return the jobs for all models for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the fft kernel measure between vectors and y .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  given a serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing the given params .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  name of docker length .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   return
truth:  destroy   a

test:  ensure only files are set .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the default block types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  recursively generate a partial property of an existing key .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  map   map

test:  call workers but the contents of the table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  insert   columns
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  the query that a query .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  null   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a file using the given filename and returns a single file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  count   return
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout with a timeout; .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization of a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  performs   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of tests to return .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   collection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return value rounded to the human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  value   matching
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in x a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  sends out the installed stack .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  required   items

test:  return the push changes for this minion .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  push   push

test:  list all actively interface .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  list   ip
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get a volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   volume

test:  function to return the sha1 code for the given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  composes a "push arguments to cause an ordered arguments to search .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  utility method to check if the django django configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  dummy implementation of a user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  join   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  decode the swap characters .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the file number of the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channel-picking functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   equalization
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry smart .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an iterator of edges in the graph g in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller should only be accessed from mobile client .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of the header that replacing replacing 1 .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  combine the given path using the strings .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   add
truth:  depth   depth

test:  helper function to load a cachedir cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  load   return
truth:  changes   changes

test:  search for search request files return a list of all users for a specific mapping files .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  default   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert unicode to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  unicode   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the set of convolution objects in a set of possible values .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop all the geonode instances .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the line of trailing locale positions at least the end of the number .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  find   input
truth:  input   input

test:  given a location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits in the extruder array .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   reports
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  internal helper function to get keypress ids .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  func   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  given a /-delimited list .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  function   enable
truth:  null   argument

test:  return a qurl indicating whether the user input is mounted .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return an input name list of commands given a dictionary .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  resource restful crud resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy for theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current underlying local timezone object .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as a comma that proxies the form section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  returns the image information and private ips .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have been following the following in the following numsamples: .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  have   i

test:  find all genbank/embl keys in the given string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a string for unc pair .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  normalize   number
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name settings .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a query string and return a dict of any int .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to exit a function if a critical has been run .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a value for the given value .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  send a student to an active management management .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  send   background
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type with the given type name .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   path
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get wave for given package depending on a folder .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a room .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates given gradient variable .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  given   update
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader db context manager .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add legend for metric in the style pattern .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  toggle   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  filter students with students .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the text to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the ssh configuration file and return the binary description of a received ip .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote graph and execute it only if a watch name the name of the graph calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random key for the specified key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the standard differential equation using the skimage algorithm .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  find   matrix
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of a response of id present in sparse manner .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  step   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  parse in the machine-id .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  show   event
truth:  list   current

test:  get the name of the package node(s) for the client .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate the directory method of utf-7 .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  given some tokens in a string and a dictionary of tokens .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  given   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the given string is valid and handlers .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  return   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page uri in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  stubbed out the enrollment for the course enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  stubbed   a
truth:  function   function

test:  gets filename from a file filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  cross   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  for whatever shared variables .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg where wed expect to find a given location path from .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  make sure the first kernel tags are ignored .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  make   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create the second image path from a ctypes file system as a ctypes image by the appropriate unicode string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  return true iff *ref* and acpi_tables the given directory are mapped to replace the data .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we dont crash if properly called from good logging .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test that all the functional test cases can run via examples .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  render the jinja environment with jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   filters
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict that is not a dict of ascii 1 .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update an download path as possible to the place .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  force   a
truth:  get   path

test:  parse a position from a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a single cluster with the given tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  email for basket .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  email   email
truth:  change   primary

test:  returns a list of value of pmf .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  null   distribution

test:  create the standard history function to create a fully fully qualified name .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  create   exception
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the version string that is used to encode on .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  remove repeated from base .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace that **usage**:: between each variable in the list .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   error
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a list of indices in the given sequence of nodes .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point for main process .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  process all volumes belonging to a generic volume .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  queries   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  is this to copy the testing signal hook .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  compute the integer value for an exact host .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the api time calls for the given feedbackthreadanalytics .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a resource servers to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get a tests to use configuration in a specific server .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  hodrick-prescott urls of pandas .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  computes   a

test:  removes the messages from the request and optional in the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  send email after email address .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the plus gets url-encoded * this tamper script
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  this is an lag-variable dictionary with any recursive usage in the hot-wired platform .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  train   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  view to start all basic auth auth backend .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   urls
truth:  gets   null

test:  add a length number to the value in a settings .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  given   in
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the array along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   text
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print input to prefix with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display finder' finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   path
truth:  display   display

test:  return the words of a string .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator for api methods on the specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  produce a randbelow if not implemented as a string .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of the template context .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a clique of n random units .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  generate html message helper for searching for markup purposes .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a l2-norm if the respecting block is running .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  send   a

test:  return the path in the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of a matrix that maps the broadcast value should be written to the given function as a product of the angle between two .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ajax view for download the grr contents of the file .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  convert test environment variables to a permission_types config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse options and return tuple of size .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns information for the specified status cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  package   package

test:  group lowercased string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  function   return
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  helper function to allow microsite_css_overrides_file and check if any plugin is being rendered on ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  function   method
truth:  remove   remove

test:  utility for http_date sends a timezone in yyyymmdd .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate the md5 hash for a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   max
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given a model object .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all entities associated with the specified volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  return   qos
truth:  associate   volume

test:  [width sphere coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  calculate   equation
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register a new html link to the new sessions file .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   normalize
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse "legacy" .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost cost in the term .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give extra or numpy array with wrong attributes .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   export
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse object has an ip address of the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only if
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the true discounted functions and estimate of state-action values .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  publish the child time to make sure that the emby is either created .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the storage reference to a given error string .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a number of listing after parsing ignoring the given directory .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the json object and get the text of the database .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  updates comment methods to dest .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  destroy   print
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  get the root directory name .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add extra distribution for "x-object-id" in the specified project .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  add   install
truth:  install   install

test:  return the given action value for the specified action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  very an ipv6 address in printable representation .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  searches   use
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works against names based op .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a base directory .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for importing of the decorated function as expected variables .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a value for a file with the given name .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the first argument passed in .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch lyrics engine from url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove nzb on nzb files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add an element to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fix the color-inversed records for a text file .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  fix   verifies
truth:  to   try

test:  given a steam name .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  save   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  decode a utf-8 encoded string to unicode .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  acquiring the a threadsafe of the a particular output .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  nibble nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask if operation should proceed; askquestion if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  ensure that the find_current_module system works correctly .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  passing   pip
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a key to an index key suitable for use in windows .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  retrieve   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in double-quoted files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get ancestor elements of a loop with a tree structure .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  get   name
truth:  if   check

test:  performs main function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  execute   ping
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a number of named 4-byte to the filename .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the sequence of remaining remaining for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculates   search
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 data regression using 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional regression .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parses a python source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  function to convert json string to json .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  pull   data
truth:  converts   a

test:  import the python hook using docker-py .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  import   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create type .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the container agent agent to a given container agent .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a floating bits of offset .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  like a running system .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  create   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the skeleton of a set of 2d ordering with an n-dimensional tensor .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   output
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test unique cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  check   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  update an existing inventory information .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  load   function
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne compare_fiff .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  return true if the firewall is a class .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the size of the given parameter .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   marker
truth:  return   return

test:  check xml xml text for one xml victorops .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a sponsored from a zmq error string .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  cast   error
truth:  converts   converts

test:  is a symbol that is a tuple of ipythons .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  is   s
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the permission to use as an object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a control client that maps messages to that we can client with the given reactor .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  make a class id for converting to list of writes .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  make   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the double-precision bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  in the two-element pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line option with a none .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  interpolated   block
truth:  null   null

test:  add and save the qapplication images into the b-values table .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  reads   file
truth:  adds   null

test:  cancel the path to the windows-configured system .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  cancel   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   return
truth:  db   db

test:  html representing a duplicate data for the supplied file representing a list of extraction values .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the graph of which the documents is positive .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular distance between 3d and cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if there is an instance of this model .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a custom master widget for a master widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  obtain and returns the compiler class from the given module so that it is already exists .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  obtain   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove notification from node to insert the event num-tilings .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  will convert ssl key for a particular server .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  authenticate   function
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test zero or more mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   normalize
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  read the project file and parse it from the infer_numeric_types config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   options
truth:  read   read

test:  removes credentials from cycle should not cause garbage exception classes .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes with remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns sessions for current_template_name .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  module   root
truth:  list   list

test:  return a comment to the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if the minimum leading/trailing lists of the minimum newline is at index .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  expand common decreffing values .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  partitions   token
truth:  solve   equation

test:  removes all headers from the response from the response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function that returns the spaced value of a variable representing the sequence of expressions .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  return a branch of u'{} along git checkout .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the profile model based on the configuration provided .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test the output work .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  perform 2d fft pergr routine for a periodogram based on the null fitting .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  perform   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the given replace filename to the appropriate number of files .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  deletes the specified group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to send in the topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  do   redirects
truth:  hold   hold

test:  when given a python file .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  given   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall the current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstalls   enable
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the matrix matrix of a matrix a matrix parameters dtype : ndarray the compute matrix a : int number of the matrix a : int number of matrix a
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the number of subtasks to a task object .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  determines   number

test:  parses from <ctrl-x> name .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  parses   messages
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  crash un-pickled operation .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  null   add
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if the given user is in the actual user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  if   users
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   return
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all slave ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks to see if there are no time in astropy .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the number of linkage that are valid for the helper .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the corresponding to the closest matrix .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  try to get a set of ip addresses from the type parameter .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  fetch   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this is a helper function to make sure that auto-redrawing apf with array_like slices are the same length too range returns and overlap .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  splits a user to .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  remove an existing software page .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of paths matching host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   list
truth:  defined   list

test:  convert color string of a color to an mdn color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   color
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for http_date to execute a function .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  removed a user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  matched   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  diff of scores for two independent samples .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  mark a function as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  skip   function
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns a list of parameters required * according to an existing configuration numbers .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  counts   datetime
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  gets the date and time of a zone aware datetime or the reference zone * description: time in date or the zone storage : the time to convert from the
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  gets   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points by points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  run   case
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   buttons
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns a new chunk of the scanning widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some test test .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use sortcap or ctrl-c to send the room object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  render html template with context .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  convert an object to an iterable .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  function   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  create a dotted tool shed keys from a group instance .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document to the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a single placeholder for aoa .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   executive

test:  maps command line to check for extract the file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  maps   update
truth:  unzip   null

test:  nexus-artifact-uploader -> utf-8 encoded file name .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that dictionary descriptors be able to generate any of the classes that are always updated into the class objects and set descriptors .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  generate   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  return the most appropriate version and is available for null known .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   list
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a query that checks if a query has deleted .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  return   null
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  return the matrices matrix of g .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a thomson scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all wheels .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get value output from attribute dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   triangle

test:  retrieve a qicon path for the application with a resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count count content using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  actually returns true if the :meth: has any side drawing .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  list all dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  list   current

test:  get messages for given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  generate   reports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a higher network script into projectionlayer .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict validator content .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and relative image-volume after the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users gecos information for a users user .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the verisure sensor lookup device .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  validate   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  for the given distance password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  deletes stdin .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country codes from the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the first or cache of a file .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test valid timeit magic function .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  the 64-bit constant points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  null   npm
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create the folder folders of folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse of 0 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a information about the given condition .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   web
truth:  list   list

test:  used to extract the name of a specific scenarios are requested .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  clean   up

test:  create the result of the given integer .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   a

test:  check if a page is available with the given path .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   home
truth:  checks   page

test:  return a list of all detected def .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to decorate tests that require required credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   set
truth:  default   default

test:  takes a template string and returns the corresponding outer code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  takes   form
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function invoked by noisy .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  null   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the transfer of a multivariate matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   scaling
truth:  compute   variables

test:  tests against no informative matrix for pep embedded no tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  return a list of all keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  function which accepts the given function from the class tree .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject aws aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the sorted dals of the difference .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  align   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an editable mobile option to display in the request .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the source code associated with a given target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test the test data in docstrings .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns list of contents of titles titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  list   line
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a string .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a set of tuples .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   pull
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function to calculate a single aes list for this module .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return hex representation of matplotlib length .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   image
truth:  encode   num

test:  marks a given single role for a user .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a compound compound type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a list of columns from a file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  host   metadata
truth:  loads   mr

test:  computes the similarity similarity of a sequence of vectors .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  computes   counts
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replace all of the specified pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return subsection metrics for the course section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a script from the script .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   show
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  instructs chocolatey for wake if not installed with boundary or glir forward 2) is not installed before installing .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrades   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the s3rl_pdf encoding for the given filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  add a box with a set of anchor .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  is   transform
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  mask mask for all values .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  mask   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  takes   null

test:  utility function for process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the value for an operation on python3 interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   bind
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  point   use
truth:  input   input

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  check if a specific headers are a dict of headers {"name": "value"} .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list of all members that correspond to the left .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the given app into something and text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  draw   set
truth:  text   text

test:  creates a new network model model with a host name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete messages for the process messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  delete   protobuf
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power types .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  custom score convex line view in certain base score .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  float   kill
truth:  bins   bins

test:  provides the smallest root of the root node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted license license into the registry .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the current request as disk .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   event
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert old-style version to .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns an iterator over an arbitrary corpus .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the simple class for fullname .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture providing a mock bindings and returns a test object which ensures that the mock bindings yet .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  like np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   test
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test 34 validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  string   slug
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parse a resource field out of a schema object .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  gets   field
truth:  parse   a

test:  register an instance of the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   changes
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an anonymous context for a getjson template .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the input impossible .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  run   attempts
truth:  config   key

test:  loads a listener instance for the given character descriptor .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert an html value to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the factorial of functions .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a user object using the above user .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  python module is registered with the set_a delimited .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet field name is not too long as not too long .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   facet
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert an image that can be protocols .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  run the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  run   program
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  null   control
truth:  control   control

test:  this function is used for truncated hash and return the base64-encoded hash value .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  function   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a class with a cascading property set .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string representation of path .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  return   path
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  when the current response has been ordered by the current request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten an iterable or iterable of tuples .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  calculate a set of sequences that are made by the training .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create and return the field of *x* .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that bad setvif* gui with given bad setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the object composed of an object .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances in a positive constructor .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch github commit .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  providing   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a validator that overrides the default validator plugin .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  simple test for calculating fitness to show int .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  calculate   console
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility function: 1 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   utility

test:  run up a info and return a dict of info .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  run   check
truth:  if   null

test:  login the specified jail cli example: .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  moves   entry
truth:  log   in

test:  helper for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  searches a string for a list of mixed text .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  searches   column
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate the next graphs if graphs is a failure .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add arg to the beginning of the examples .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  replace the markdown string to make a url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  prints   html
truth:  apply   html

test:  initialize python .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  to   module
truth:  bundled   load

test:  drops a database to the database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  logs   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  return whether floating-point error should be used .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a string and an item .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  text   text

test:  write consecutive intended to 'larger' test .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  let   code
truth:  test   test

test:  generates the julian date of n by n and variance n .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign an rpc object that will return a blob for the given rpc object .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  start   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the layer matches the given user .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of line ids and numeric output from the form .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   binary
truth:  return   a

test:  view to filter a report for a user from a report page .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   value
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  checks if a server exists on the host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   hosts
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate a list of endpoint where each date exist .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  generate   event
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every test case of a test case .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns display base .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  finds   output
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  simple case function using the correct parallel and see what happens .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  named   case
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a chprofile cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  change   change

test:  set the default colors for the current existing file .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value for a given type .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons getattrs .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   attribute
truth:  perform   a

test:  atomic execute a .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   create
truth:  store   information

test:  inradius inradius based on image measure .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  slices   greyscale
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the valid domains that contains valid pooled .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a package to the given name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json serializer for ensuring .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  transform the response headers to the correct differential headers .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  transform   literal_type
truth:  null   temporary

test:  return a config file for subprocess .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a urn urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a logic logic of what a? are allowed to just a user being used as a tuple of .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   num
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then decrypt an encrypted key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the pmname sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   wrapper
truth:  set   up

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   kernel_integrity
truth:  return   return

test:  return string representation of an error spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  string   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a tuple of tuples .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  reads   utility
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread and will not resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  splits html characters in latex format .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test snr snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  source   snr
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager for temporary directories temporary files .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the url to read the service_health cache from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  clone a vm to start a virtual machine on a chassis .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  let   null

test:  returns the timestamp of a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a timestamp to iso8601 format .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for an a0 over an divided >= target .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create and return the default stdin .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   plot
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  transforms a set of tuples to 1 into a single set of tuples .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  transforms   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  like status_update .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  like   group
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns name .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the given blob key in the blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   inject
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the latest changectx from the repository filename .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  retrieve   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  split code from the given string code should be used for __getattr__ .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  code   pair
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test for url options for url .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until the state has been reached .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   state
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert final final id into separate equivalent format .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  count count 32-bit 32-bit 32-bit using the plain 32-bit line .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   create
truth:  update   update

test:  test that the given hub can be used by the given client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  returns   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string to a single lowercase see also be used in the string .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the disk path for the file path .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   null

test:  return version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the given command .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  run   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  remove the bcache device name from the string .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  merges a vreturn expression and a deep dict .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  remote   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  create a new marker in the given year .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  create   searches
truth:  enter   null

test:  compute potential string on a name .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the provided schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a string from the tree of objects .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check that the site url is initialized in the test cases .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  align   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  replace xml or for use in an instruction that does not replace all the beginning of xml or hdd .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  replace   bytes
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  like form but returns a normal form with the given request token .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  signs   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a number of strings into a wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  bytestring execute a sensible template with the bokeh arguments .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an order by the first element in the given list of comparing .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  filters items from nested rings .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  find all controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  matching   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a string to a levels number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  conjugation relation for least two integers .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves the total form with the given object as returned by a variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solve a system of two power examples in the system .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solve   pad
truth:  null   a

test:  test some advanced desaturate method .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  color   color

test:  makes an iterator safe by the exceptions backport by the iteration .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  to   pairs
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parses the yaml table for control characters in the yaml format .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  mock a mock response for one response .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  look   return
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a dict of data for a widget .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  returns true if we can be used with this xml representation .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel finds and outputs are install a grid .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  return a path to the partitions of a dummy file with mask .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a selectfield object for vm data .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the named user is present name the name of the user to remove users to delete on the host .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugin filenames for the files .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  do the json output .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  do   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the minimum value of an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if value is less than or equal to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  hashes   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read the contents of the iterable data .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   generator
truth:  reads   null

test:  joins a string using accepting class/function/method .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  confirmation of ticket .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  shows   print
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a summary of exploration summary .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  return true if plot contains a fresh node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  permission denied .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  stub   edit
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for simplisticly to reach a rational qos body .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  given an months name x return numchunks .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  given   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns path to required device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  tuple   package
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract a string from multiple units defined in inputs and kwargs .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that the average guess and hide are written correctly when both a relative estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a "ls" system .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  put   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import package information .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns that the environment is installed in the request or that runs the user environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  install   django

test:  set up the opengl html: .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  changes   returns
truth:  set   gl

test:  if the you uses dirname a working directory .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a pending attribute name to be used on pending object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  creates   compile
truth:  to   null

test:  only unicode if not already moved to strings .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  unicode   utf8
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  point   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  if there is no got{}' / got{}' .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   number

test:  returns the given usage with the given list .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  usage   usage

test:  a 1dbuggy distribution function .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for aws step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  same as str .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the frame object for the callers stack frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the given number of binary data in the given string of binary characters replaced by the given number of binary characters .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   null
truth:  display   n

test:  returns the sentence of a string with letters removed by word and optional chunked .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines whether a version should be a version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  determines   checks
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a full features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random integer .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  determines the directory to use for creating an ubuntu-based user .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  expand   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured number of active extensions cli example: .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string to a unix output .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   manager

test:  call xmoduledescriptor with a dict of values to a list of tuples .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url for the label from the given label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  cover   mqtt
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is no lock to release since acquiring is a no-op when there is no threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  release   release

test:  render a template into a bootstrap .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the network and raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a due representation of a jinja2 table .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove an virtual environment and all virtual disk .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object in the dict passed in dict .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   print
truth:  function   function

test:  load the created data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   data
truth:  read   data

test:  get the path to the package manifest for a package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   root
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get a datetime object from a c{datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  get   list
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of checksums entries and regenerate the given course and perform and regenerate topics .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds tree by name .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns subproject if there is any of the slug passed in subproject .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge a single sources from the given sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  construct   merge
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch the image members for an image .
truth: grab image . 
test:  include   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  a django log message .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the current event loop .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  paste   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the specified question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get file names of the file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  get   function
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  make the given interval from an array calculated by sortcap the input tensor intervals along an axis .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  make   indices
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given a key function .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return only one of the isolating computations of two concerned: .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current state of an integer or for all minions .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar and firefox in median for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  convert a predictable setting into a human memory label .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make sure the quantity method of a string is valid .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  make   number
truth:  test   test

test:  get the value of an service rules .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check bar bar ids corresponding to the index table .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the requests name from a string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  i decorator .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  read   add
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synchronized array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the request is a request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects so that it objects objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  checks if a path is a username and contains encryption parameters .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  fetch a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple case that overriding a class and asserts that overriding the log lines are implemented in csharp .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of paths for os files .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the build fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a test if unittest is access to the same name .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert useless levels from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  gcd   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   names
truth:  return   a

test:  get a human-readable term to use as the current term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  get   changes
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the value of arma process for a given one .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   maximum
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  create a list of all sites tasks on the app .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  create   place
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to all cached connections in the ssh command .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  to   method

test:  apply styles map from idlelib .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  select   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id for a cloud storage .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it can extract the name of the scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a string for correct random effects .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission to prevent permission .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract code into a string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  validate   quote
truth:  null   null

test:  get the bitmap for the given image for this request .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  get the directory that the file is stored in .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  gets dense weight of dense layer in a batch .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  move   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  cache python search for an irreducibility polynomial period .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  cache   find
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - only allow recognized by dedent .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the linear variance / editable for a given distribution .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   run

test:  an even if a new ndarray is even by an even extension by making an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the getcdlistdir directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance function .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  return the cache of globals .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining description .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video file status .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  read lines from a shell command .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   in
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a boto3 .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds a system name representing a list of classes .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the internal for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  get the value of a set of numbers which can 0 between 0 and numbers .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  get   product
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up or more string migrations into an programmatic string .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  detects a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  detects   add
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the specific logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  for notification an email address .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  to   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  return a unicode for ascii .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the given mac is set to the snmp state name the type of interest name the command line .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  send   state
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of all items for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  replaces all of the keys that has a permission .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   word

test:  check to see if os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the determinant of the two floats .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning graph for the given value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return string representation of 'separators' .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  string   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the given job name .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  submitted   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sign a list of 'cnf .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  generates a sql hash for the given sql key .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  hash   hash

test:  perform shared variable with the right vector .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  display   plot
truth:  initialize   a

test:  look to see if a package exists .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a file exists in the name .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  allows   file
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   package
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns a list of items of the first .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  construct the url from the file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  compute   path
truth:  given   a

test:  set the current subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  checks if the two images are equal .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  if   xor
truth:  creates   a

test:  raise a new random variable with the moving and returns a new one of the values of the values of the operation .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  copied   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  call out a traceback function as a traceback message .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: inject-passwords trigger the ignored for this job .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema on home assistant server .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator for a garbage object .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take commands to setup a home directory .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  return output size of a batch parameters data : 2d string or group size of data .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  obtains   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  yaml: claim-build this returns a list of child resources .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  look   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch rows from a getallvms or sql server .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a utc datetime to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  append an html table to an html url .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  append   quote
truth:  build   a

test:  convenience function to guess a make_pairs .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  parses general with the specified page to get urls for queue with the specified page page page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  parses   utility
truth:  list   list

test:  when a get request is done with the documents from the server and is it .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load on return .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   work
truth:  work   work

test:  ensures context has admin rights according to target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  test column creation = empty table as properly .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the location passed in the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   names

test:  url minimal package name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the servers rule to the list of triples .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  return true if the passed in is a function for function .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fun in the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data to tcpip export .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   unpack
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if value is a valid ipv4 or false .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the given size is a microdescriptors size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom bar label or groups using the criterion axes .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a 1-in-n representation of the given shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an iterator to the circumstances html .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  return a new image .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the number of 1-d elements of a matrix .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   size
truth:  sums   elements

test:  return the raw letter code for the specified category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  is the directory at the beginning of jobs .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  is   test
truth:  to   null

test:  return a hex digest of the key object .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  return   find
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find all modules under path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  checks if the given sequence is an iterable of python .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  sorts   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  ignored ignored times .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  return true if any files in the given root directory are present .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  list   null
truth:  files   files

test:  create an attribute string of an object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pick   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the running container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  delayed to make citation functions .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  pack encryption key into a string representation of the registry .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  fetches versions from url :type cls: .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns count of inverse barcode .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  count   a
truth:  build   a

test:  calculates the country codes based on country and a country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add languages in language .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get key among the key and add s3 keychain to this search .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more vm(s) from queue names .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  pass   files
truth:  clear   background

test:  cleans the database when a calendar has been created .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  server   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  take an integer number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  take   export
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for setting active handlers .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  queue view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a node with the provided registration is handled directly .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  allow   notification
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all data terms needed to create or from a database .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the elements in a square matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  package   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random string of the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send edit edit command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  file   file

test:  callback function to make unique elements of partition numbers .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  read metamorph controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  read   return
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given encoding and return its output .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate validation data structure of validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   replaces
truth:  order   order

test:  parses time string and returns any number of creation .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  time   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  helper to get a recordsensor record for the file record which will match the input contents .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned field of the installed resource id .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates batches of i-th versions of imagenet images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generates   batches
truth:  construct   a

test:  performs the partial words on every implementation of string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  like   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   runs
truth:  debug   a

test:  build out the arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   build
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a dict with required milestones .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  run a library in a library .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  server   repository
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object containing the result of the given show/movie for the given user_id .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a post .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets the respective number by number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  token   token

test:  return sklearn matrix or 8bit file .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  read   numpys
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and return a validator value for option of type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dataset .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   payload

test:  return a list of disabled groups for each revision tree in dictize order to a list of that includes the given revision tree tag .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  search the match specified in the cyclic pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   function
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature data is a ruturns / a ruturns wav .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   return
truth:  load   in

test:  return true if the given patterns matches a valid dns patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the first kind containing only the length of a tuple .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   step
truth:  is   null

test:  create kadmin cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   dhcp
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorate a function as a remote app to be executed on the current process .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create assets tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes a string md5 hash from a buffer args: total_loss: : datetime object to convert a reverse object into a string of the exploration point vector .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  used for sorting .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  a generic function which will always returns empty loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   view
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  merge video output and retrieve the corresponding audio output .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  analyze   files
truth:  merges   video

test:  signal that is a special signal number .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  signal   back
truth:  null   initializer

test:  checks if a numeric dtype is a numeric dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  null   sparse
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a docker partition from a docker set of windows .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  parse   devices

test:  require the wsgi auth in dict or if it exists .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  try   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going to the y intersections .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that turns some polynomials into a list of polynomials .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  called once the source code is an instance of a source .
truth: helper function . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  produces javascript files in javascript .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  starting   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns the current ip address for the given ip .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  fast approximation of a list of searches .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the value of the maybe set by statsmodels .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check the header value with the chosen encoding .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  check   in
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allow for django admins to intercept a request .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a plain-text password for a given salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom custom output sql .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion related instance attributes .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  given   predicate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  return true if the firewall status has any status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  return   max
truth:  map   map

test:  converts a jumpserver to a folder .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursively traverse the directories for the directories .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  projects   list
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: writes the object to the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generate   alias
truth:  uses   uses

test:  enable a node to a summarize .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  force   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert the given object to a python type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  filters the gui .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  used   user
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge -> iterator convert a sequence of values from host filtering .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  merge   task
truth:  given   storage

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the idea is running in a datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  some conflicting of the original file to read in descriptors .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if a out convex record .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  log an instance of the given name .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  register   null
truth:  create   create

test:  idenfity a series of all pending storage storage files in the given storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release when git files are in the version of git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   search
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  make sure that value is not yet encoded unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  stub for testing .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convenience function to build an object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions of the given versions name cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of renderers for all renderers modules cli example: .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  bytecode a library .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  sum   translate
truth:  translate   a

test:  return the humanized list of [securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  simple test for how to be able to ensure that the load helper are not fix in a valid xor .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  sends   test
truth:  url   url

test:  a cleaned python requirements script requires a constant instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of service sizes on the salt cloud cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  validate a number string groups .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a reference to a file .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   render
truth:  returns   a

test:  notify filter - start with weather fashion .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  module   init
truth:  debug   debug

test:  handle the exit process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  is   run
truth:  run   program

test:  a context manager that can safely named context .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints a given dict .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  find the path name for the given path .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  return an array with dummy indices for a positive tuple .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  return   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  like obj but return whether the obj is iterable of iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the state of the requests internet .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config file for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a intersection graph that contains the intersection of g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove all sub-directories by svnfs repos to repo repos .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   merge
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local bottom-hat of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add some enrollment mode .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   a
truth:  append   course

test:  test with sensitive table delimiter .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  reading   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a regular expression .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the devices to a network .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  link   cache
truth:  set   set

test:  if this should be a base dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  flush   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  return the resource name .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  display   a

test:  api method to add units to the current unit .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  appends   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  console function for the script .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the application url of the required application .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  trim   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate a tuple of length k at least one positive integer x is the number of values in x .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix logging for the logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  init   init

test:  cleanup test environment for test based on win32 .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   try
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a decorator that represents a single instance of the arguments .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the line for the node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the child of the given node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  simple function to end and end of a group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  add arma representation .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  sigma   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  copy -> str return a copy of errors as a string .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  return   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  vlm media matrix information about a media as a json string representation .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  retrieve   edit
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears review editor names to html .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  calculates indices of indices of indices so that the list is the proper indices of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the user from the user from the project .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a byte .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port callback when the poem is complete .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all root modules in the interface .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier series in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the cluster based on channels .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  rank   check
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a string that has a non-existent dict .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  makes a tuple/list from the elements of each element in a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  finds the largest matrix for the isrealobj of a and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  finds   real
truth:  return   return

test:  does access to the correct token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  access   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get the ip record for the specified master ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test notification script to notification .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   reset
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group and group name .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lx lx decode-url .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves the image as id or not .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  given a list of files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  given   unpack
truth:  ensure   null

test:  define a strategic objective function .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  result   result

test:  get the pending schedule gobject for the given target loop .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  get   a
truth:  import   import

test:  send a remote email report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  yield all of the keys in matcher tmux in matcher .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience method to get the divmod of cross-entropy .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return mount point data that was loaded from the minion cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  display   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  function for comparing evv + a1(x)y(x) .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply two polynomials using the svgreader with coefficients and the reduced instance(s) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create the total dashboard dashboard dashboard and/or according to the given creator .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  create   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   function
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the given parameters into a list of parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate univariate polynomials .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  populate   scaling
truth:  make   null

test:  download pip exit status code using blank requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  return   test
truth:  download   download

test:  return the vector whose gradient element is a mutable or softmax operator .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime in utc .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the adapter to use as specified adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   filters
truth:  creating   null

test:  clone a docstring with the given docstring .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  replaces   translation
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode the base64 encoded result .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  memoize decorator for calls to purchased this is useful as non call .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   memoize
truth:  is   null

test:  display a learner page for the user .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho rho for a polynomial in the final arrays .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  null   vectors

test:  lookup the file .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  lookup   function
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the fully qualified alembic .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   columns
truth:  get   get

test:  turn an priority of a variable to start_response() some priority .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this function needs to be used in the message-id .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset out database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  return the encoding name from the given encoding .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  order   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a list of child frames .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  gets info about a given api name cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a list of dictionaries by a given dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  add a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper function for pyimport_getimporter parameter_declaration .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  function   null
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the nth value of the mean of the values in numpy array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provide a locale name .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   windows
truth:  use   nd

test:  the indexing chunks of a file-like indexer which are to get the indexing indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  checks if mpl is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  copied   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that the name is a namespace specification .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion deployment object .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the number of precision in an array with a precision .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  get   model
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two numbers .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  osf the given response of a parsed mime url .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  do payload .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  do   response
truth:  get   service

test:  convenience function to get the most timestamp number of a datetime number .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   checks
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler for set and clear_property resource from a specific configuration .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  remove   a

test:  gets the name of the expression list .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string user identifier into message-id .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover room .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a entrypoint chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  is   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from data source file .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  private method for copy_reg to extract a class that is no time .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error when given is smaller than one of the single input data .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  get a database model subclass according to the database and use this function to parse the data list of data into a list of data structure .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  transforms   wrapper
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   configure
truth:  setup   setup

test:  statement indentation to text between the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   statement
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return the authorized users activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read previous one file of three constants .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   implements
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given package .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates a certain number of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a user .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the python and return markdown .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  sets the layout state of the distribution cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   try
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of accepted file with this installation .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  run a command from a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  make   up
truth:  strip   a

test:  for pvalues .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  null   none
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a command down the telnet channel console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  run   command
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all the registered volumes .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  s3 s3 object to s3 s3 location .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  callback   split
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   output
truth:  outputs   one

test:  computes the variance of the variance .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the receivers solution for a single order .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the login registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address for accuracy and string .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal distribution parameters x : 1d array observations of leading 10 array blowfish : array_like .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   size
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - targets - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  create a astroid from a document class .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a function that changes the appropriate snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   example
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns s3 file for a given bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  build a dynamic 'creating' api used for cinder and block .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  fakes   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a askopenfilenames systems .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   shows
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  a key key key for backends .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  find out the opengl of the target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a more than a string .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  open   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the list of plugins for the given service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  list out the output delay based on ssh uptime .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  list   link
truth:  read   read

test:  wraps func to be notification because it is already handled .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  catches   func
truth:  have   null

test:  test for issue docstrings .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  sympy   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write out the setting from a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   figure
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  existing   check
truth:  if   check

test:  for the given maven .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  server   return
truth:  return   version

test:  elementwise fill the plane .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  prints   module
truth:  draws   null

test:  generates a list of time calls for the domain and returns a context variable .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  time   limit
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the user ids of a requests user .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the pyenv of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expects a network error message id given the linux system to create a list of target .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   network

test:  fill the 2sigma for arr array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  exception   linear
truth:  create   a

test:  create a directory for a given path .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   sys
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a daemon .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  features   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  check whether the object is a source object and retrieve it .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  code   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  import the service instance in periodogram .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  import   load
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  returns the install key for given user type for metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager table and then build a fixture .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  insert/update templates for resource used in the running resource .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   python

test:  creates a game with the specified url corresponding to the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other than or equal to int .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an members from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a nested tuple into a tuple of tuples .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  parse   lookup
truth:  return   return

test:  looks up an installed port by name cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  list paths that can be used for other projects .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  package   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is inside a binds .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  tests that the first item in the list is true .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a template name for the current session .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dict corresponding to the given dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a reference string .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  give   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that configuration is one valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if the rough installation header is ros out of the ros handshake .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  function   ros
truth:  read   in

test:  test that macro can be initialized out properly .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  split the given code variants .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  return   python

test:  get the default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  case is absolute .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  make the full http stack of the data buffer .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  make   print
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into an dictionaries of dict keys from arguments .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  given a url and a generated link .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   link
truth:  given   a

test:  activation a string to be escaped in the given string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete entities from the given entity .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize a default console .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return name for the python module .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  name   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  converts newlines to string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  converts   replaces
truth:  value   value

test:  make a new valueerror from x .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses the given namespaces and returns a dictionary of namespaces .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculates a negative value through a rational model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  clones   multiple
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme records .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of paths for the given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests max_revision() with dynamic design for tests .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable magnitude of an nginx script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which constraint is the data structure .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieves the shortcut for a shortcut instance .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take a url and give it to the beginning of the filesystem .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  take   start
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if an auth user is valid and not on the migrations passed in tags .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  null   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of blocks to yields the specified blocks to search the specified start the specified start of values .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  flask   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the mean can be set .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish a command about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function generates a single yaml file and the model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  loads   null

test:  wrap the jid to see if the /opt/appscale is none .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert the numbers of a text into raw html characters .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  provide the wards overrides string .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check if url should be handled as url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the text representation of the file as a python string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  enough exponential backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  access   file
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the immediate data globally globally documents in coordinates to be used as a useful .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test firstserie' with a axis specified .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  test   line

test:  implementation of android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetches the elements of iterable l .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  fetches   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  get axis for executing tuple .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   max
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of files and version tree given by a tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   path
truth:  find   find

test:  get the name of jobs that is allowed to the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does a regular expression regex using the peripheral table .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  get   a

test:  authenticate for the given tenants .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits a sun into multiple database_engine lists .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   params_and_context
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns the validation number of validation numbers .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the variable of the variable variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   executive
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compares partitions with letters and compare the resulting baseline .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   partitions
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new gentoo_mirrors in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the migration of a particular instance on win32 .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes a list of pipeline names and fix the given arguments into a string .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  function   add
truth:  to   null

test:  get the documents of document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  read metamorph file and merge the current python source file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   null

test:  filters the dicts of the given response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  expired   reset
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates multiple projects for safe patch objects on the ast .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  creates   message
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send send for the review .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test the number of prediction attributes .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  test   influence
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for the beacon output to retrieve the metadata for a process .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  set a new log document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  its the response messages .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  test   a
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood of an image .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt an exception .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  text   text

test:  run a sphinx .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  inbox messages index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   control
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if the object has a permission on the given user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the current cache time has an integer time .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve the backend details .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  if   check

test:  verifies that the task is flocker to be finalized .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit keyword arguments to pass to an operation to a time in function
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  converts a list of rows into a dictionary .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make an image with a numpy array with a thumbnail .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   normalize
truth:  make   a

test:  test that the urlerror are equivalent .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an iterator over a datetime object .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to text .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   error
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the directory path vary files that the file is more file system .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get all of the context for the user or course_key .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  get   a
truth:  context   context

test:  test sudo with sudo path and owner .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  separate comment lines per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a helper that is used for testing purposes .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  null   verbose
truth:  require   foo

test:  return a log instance with state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the result of a given sequence from the given file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  main root of ticket .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  decorate   root
truth:  null   page

test:  returns full redirect to this request .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  look   helper
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the provided filename is tests for a unittest unittest .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  read a knowledge file from the given file-like object and return a schema using a dictionary .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  read   checks
truth:  reads   html

test:  a sequence of tuples .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  escape parameters to the given string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given graph is a graph in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  stmt : compound_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  returns a put score to the specified student object .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  sends   lines
truth:  create   create

test:  get the single variable with given number of adjust features .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   equivalent
truth:  get   get

test:  generate an iterator of lists in a list .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return a list of locale information .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  do   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the there of the given plugin or occur trees .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path for resource .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  call riak .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  call   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: 'ge'} 'ge'} only true if access_objs attribute <= true .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible service is available on windows path .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in align .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  inner python2 of lasso_stability_path .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   return

test:  test that exceptions can be loaded when the support is loaded .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   error
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to port mode :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with labels specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test interface interface via base64 .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  leave   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  checks if all modules should be executed while preserving the module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  hack   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the given password or a specific password if admin .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all characters that arent a piece of names .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  upgrade information about the repository upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  output   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a file on a specified form a specified form cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  general sort algorithm .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  memoized   enable
truth:  named   add

test:  sends an email using djangos task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an iterator that is the iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the version of a single dash version string or a tuple of .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  compute a median records from a dataframe and return a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  download   download

test:  does the given node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique counts with word and index stripped .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if the flags is in the update of this context .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the html as an html string .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command passed with hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  invert newton expansion of the primitive decomposition of the polynomial points .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  scan for some files .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  scan   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between the vectors in the model .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  filter the input forwarding .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  to   null

test:  test that column can be initialized outside an array .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if the input is y according to the same way as y .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  return the sysctl address for a string .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert tensor labels to a single set of logits .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   output
truth:  pads   null

test:  prints various programs ids to stderr .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  multiplies   prints
truth:  write   a

test:  check if a procedure is installed .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorate a function that passes an exception from a future context .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  translates   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the authentication akismet for the given user .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  normalizes   user
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for temporary file value .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  setting   converts
truth:  apply   apply

test:  copy indices into os .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  null   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the results of iterable steps for which packages is true .
truth: like common . 
test:  return   steps
truth:  like   like

test:  execute a few web server .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the launch configuration returns {deleted: if a launch package was deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function used to set the length of an exception that calls the string .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   add
truth:  generates   a

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that we can connect to underscores on a string .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  prepare all closed closed cursor to the input cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  work   work

test:  render a referer browser to render the list of cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  render   credentials
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to inline most recent options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an transport need to be a new user this interface is intended to set the name of the raet belongs to be a wall .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get a twitter claims claims page .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates errors and update in the duration of a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; by name .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict/multidict .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an ordered object from with given second or blast .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  get   get

test:  add a new tenant to the tenant named tenant if one already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends a denote connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a network machine or partial test to get the network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string containing one of the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  open   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  return a resource type for the resource type and pull request .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  add   method
truth:  get   resource

test:  remove the directory to this user .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize path list .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get all hosts and a host name .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a project on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get loop from the last location from nearest to checksum from nearest loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  loop   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  start frappe and erpnext to bench a new branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  instruct   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown the given time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a valid url string or not .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process the message access response .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the total number of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of the file in the directory of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  return true if g is intersection of g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of a lazy tab representing the human in the users tab page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  generate   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the named user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function took .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a gpg graph for each file in the given filename .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   checking
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get fingerprint on an elb .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  truncate an old single user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   permissions
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get an http object with the metadata server .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a value in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  remove a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns whitespace of the c{maintype} specified by a minimize of its own executable .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test test for gl disabling is this test .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   desktop
truth:  create   app

test:  returns a list of random activity similarity between two sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return data for all available git modes .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   implements
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a cloud object that can be used as acl in the test .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a string value to '[endless]'h .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  return a generator that handle the given slash in a directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return mounted closure of disk devices .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory and all directories in between the given path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the helper: separated path .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  set   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  loop   geometry
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the functions supported by the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  object   object

test:  build a wrapper that allows you to stdout/stderr and returns a new skip .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  function   errors
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the default :class:arrowfactory type .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   current

test:  as any string in the inherits [a .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   key
truth:  =   =

test:  return the volumes statistics for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like :func:operator .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  like   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start flask dev web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  run   run

test:  send enter playlist .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  append   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the maximum number of 1-d grade .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a string .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  retrieve full path from the file serving the interquartile instance .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete discrete zero qme .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  check that an precision doesnt exist as precision seen .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that returns a function of a link_dependency .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  serializes   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  'useos -> str avoid warning as a shell .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to find out if version is in redis version .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  guess   form
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   group
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either timedoutwaitingfor{}tobeclickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the configuration .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  using   implementation
truth:  clears   null

test:  returns display in input .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  multiplicative_expression   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a set of input .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a python process that runs when no arguments .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  assert   assert

test:  build a given database list of all credentials in an launching database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  build   exception
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  compute an instance of every distinct extractor that dont use with the same name .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a virtual interface for fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a new graph object as a list of strings .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return a sqlalchemy connection to use in the database .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unicode-url-encodes non-encoded characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * asp 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure that all child directories exist in the target directory are absent .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will return a service ip from the host period .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a grep grep list into .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove whitespace from pth .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  source   fix
truth:  returns   paths

test:  create the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  create   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on for a port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict with any keys that are always yet stored in any .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  path the url .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   path
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the direct connection to an object .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wrapper around l{twisted .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  retrieve a list of attributes from resource if the resource is running .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate the expression conditions like "-" .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and start the instance of an instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  assert   platform
truth:  start   start

test:  check if the current closest codes is a closest closest .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a migration instance by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a random regression array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  sets the prefix for a given key and prefix it to a valid dictionary .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  send   assert
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws aws service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a pem comment requirement: * mysql * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  gets the default pickle file and check for pickle .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   a
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  fix an ssl certificate request .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  launch   runs
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  + test for post on post config file from post .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  function   in
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the cumulative density that corresponds to the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the mixed decorrelation differences .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  computes the checksum of a column .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  track event usage usage for a resource .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   method
truth:  emit   events

test:  test linkcolumn for bug functions .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  build   users
truth:  verify   null

test:  set the xonfig style in the interface .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  ensure that the test modules are always import in an modules in the database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the command line and returns a tuple of option .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and returns a module if the given name does not exist .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   test
truth:  to   attempt

test:  check if the type only contains the machine .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of python names to functions with the given python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  produce   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the expression for all + factorization + masters + factorization .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  figure default config key for a given url .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  default   mark
truth:  default   default

test:  helper to determine if the string given an object is to a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a given thin object .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  expression : expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  twitter   product
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of objects for the given filename .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  measure   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  escape characters with characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generates   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a set of threads into an array of threads above the fatemans image threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a new secret key for storing in this file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check to see if an s3 user can use for a given secret .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tests for a single yaml operation .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  update the servers request for the given request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if every character in decimal is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the returner modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  the reverse function .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  random elements of a function with highest func score; score; .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  do   list
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the given path from the file located by the whitespace .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list varnish for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check evoked kind of evoked kind .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  sample   logic
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check configuration when not running this is not a message .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  value   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compile a function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  tuple of f(x) class class class into a string of v2 methods .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  split   a
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset as projects of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  0
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  cached   metadata
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  helper to generate a north operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  build   names
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convenience function to generate a temporary analyze img' parameters .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  function   value
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html text s with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the date from the given year .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   day

test:  concatenate -> iterator get a list of iterables .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  cyclen   find
truth:  pad   pad

test:  endpoints endpoints for an admin session .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  null   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service command section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove a user from the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks index page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  commits a code in the subpixel namespace namespace namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes a pil string to the given input and turns them into a file .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  obj   entry
truth:  encode   encode

test:  determine open anonymous cart with given token or none if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  deprecated since the default value is used to finished .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  html-escape a string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   representation

test:  replace the given entities with a single filename .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  adds host to release .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  filters   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the system is system and set aff4_type + system .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  given   list
truth:  get   memory

test:  get comparison in order to sort y see :class:packer for the given portion of portion of portion of portion of portion of portion of portion of portion of the second
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  do a symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns internal representation of the current machine .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a package list of points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a http header into http http http http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  import   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a query string and return a tuple of the parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as a string .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts a entry from a environment dict .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   subscription
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation function .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  index   test
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a list of published entries contained within a url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  format a list or 3d list into a list of lists .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  format   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type for the given item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   call
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base path where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get default price list from retrieving and return selling if they are none .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  default   list
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  make sure the given contents are set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test loading an existing user identifier .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  profile   config
truth:  config   config

test:  find a block volume type based on the documents of the specified volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for an image in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replace a range of uid and returns the decoded sequence of times .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  sorts   returns
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve all host interface .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   query
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the job for jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get the current representations version information .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  get   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  solve   handler
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check to see if path matches the flask files .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  list source files from the virtual host cli example: .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  list   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  write a ssl path into a string .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  load the specified resource tags for the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  load   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  open   usage
truth:  command   command

test:  test that i{not} of arrays work .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  check   check

test:  executes the stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  like   test
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test that deps data is raw against docker sqd or render path .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow anonymous password .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  used to test unless options[html-escape] is a valid two-letter names .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  used   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract the many steps from the single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the rather than one or more priority to the container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  make   null
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: humbug publish trend reports with the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric part of theta in (0 restrictions: restrictions: - theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the list of executable names for resource at offset .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  look   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate user overlap .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the correct figure out of the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   url
truth:  make   null

test:  create a user for an email address .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  extract a tenant_id configuration file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   script

test:  send a group to its group if one group is mostly : string or id .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  convert   refresh
truth:  returns   a

test:  predicate that returns the predicate in the order that corresponds to the rcctl(8) image .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  predicate   predicate
truth:  returns   a

test:  cleans the application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns the value turned into a boolean parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  put keyname for running on rendering .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  get   val
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a path relative to absolute system-specific .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  counts   use
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  simple example function that instantiates a field to the recurrence version .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change the activation admins for overholt email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  given   a

test:  find a rational object with the given gradient of the solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  preprocess   iterator
truth:  is   null

test:  build the generator to build a single generator file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or 'std- are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a file containing a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  write   calculate
truth:  write   test

test:  set the default datasets and asks if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  set   test
truth:  create   a

test:  find api globs for that reports on srs .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  build an instance to load an instance for a node .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  null   nodes

test:  gets the migrate of the repository to show .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the arguments is an arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   prints
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts and instance associated with callers .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  return   reference
truth:  returns   a

test:  directory containing the __init__ image components of n leading up to the base directory .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file from a file-like object .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  read   algorithm
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  replaces threads by dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  header   returns
truth:  left   null

test:  file object to return the current block .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  iterator   input
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for creating an item from a binary string .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  this is a odoo in the background namespace note that the executed module will have a readable namespace parameters that the resulting module name .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  is   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the latest number of seconds in the system .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  returns   force
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a most user exists on the user .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  determine current cached operations in a channel and returns an array of nodes .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  determine   refresh
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return a directory path to systemd file location .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   temporary
truth:  extract   a

test:  always choose a quadratic amount of points with a randomly or frequent stream .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  use   samples
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  generate a given value .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  add   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get all regions and return a list of regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  get   eip
truth:  report   report

test:  used to dynamically load a package from all the modules in this package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  used   use
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a raw varint string to category/package varint form .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non matrix for non sparse columns .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a string out of an bits of the binary string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  use   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  recurse through leading and option value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  leading   render
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb server .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd and set it as cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  get equation for rectangular cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  always use the snippets for the given class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the torrent tree associated with a given hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   torrent

test:  create a firewall object for use with high .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   path
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for latex expressions generated in latex code .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file by name .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones added for or ancestor zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   update
truth:  list   everything

test:  sets the correct image of an image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   version

test:  this function returns the grains from the *x* .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  run a function and returns true if it exists .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  run   set
truth:  null   options

test:  get the content .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  check   check
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a function in a thread using the given reactor and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  call   call
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of undefined test directories present in this file .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  create   create

test:  reduce datetime keys into yaml file handle .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns an approximate distance between the wordnet distance between 0 and 1 .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert non-central .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse a policy configuration file to a templates .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if the partition exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe plugin according to the current plugin plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  header   plugin
truth:  config   handler

test:  checks whether the transaction is in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  null   client
truth:  changes   changes

test:  expect the given value in a list of float values .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  expect   unicode
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to return the group space space from the database .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro attribute of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the approximate user uid .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a u'exact'elif if a complex url is the viewpoints node-local .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the output of a 3d tensor with the output x and apply members .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  tests the version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  regressiont   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the dataset of an existing dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return a widget name for settings .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   getter
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns the value of a task to use .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a unavailable .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  load   null
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent an email with "pandas" in the following replacement .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   i

test:  put the oauth key of the given discovery parameters .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  encodes   increment
truth:  look   up

test:  takes item and returns true .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   handle
truth:  purge   null

test:  in n .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  constructs user tokens or tenant / given user and user .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by default .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get node information .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read data from pil files .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   backend
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  msg   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an appropriate set base to multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   calculation

test:  get user profile .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  test   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django django application to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  given a string - version .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   parent
truth:  check   check

test:  return the magic status .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieves the rights names of the collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of daily pairs .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reverse the bytes of a given value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  null   parts

test:  get a custom template content of a filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  get   content
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  name the difference to delete a systemd package specified using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstalls   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a guiprocess view that uses non tables .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a string representation of output .
truth: print line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the given field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   deploy
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a negative graph to an iterable of rows and return it .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert to relative url from legacy url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   method

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a masked array for lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   a
truth:  order   order

test:  disable the proxy function used to disable normal output .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  disable   profiling
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns an absolute url matching value .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  loads   utility
truth:  template   template

test:  make all http connections to the specified key .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  send   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the channel is mne appserver on the system .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  handle for the given error on the filesystem .
truth: log os . 
test:  abort   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns the function globals function name .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all uppercase keys in dictionary to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shortcut for a given url .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary loss for the uninstall-before-upgrade or loss fields is non-prettified returns a binary loss of each items .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   dummy
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip is a "csf-t based on the target .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts a datetime object to an integer number of seconds in the object .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  construct construct construct an object from the given node .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to calculate the image of the image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  change   change

test:  default default default default default default default default .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  read the brain options into text .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  read   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the probe .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  converts a number of bytes into long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open a file containing full path to the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the default app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  tests   configures
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute an error if it is a sequence of the given operator .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  converts   v

test:  create an "eval"-able function for a specified value .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  generated   override
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests api that the admin site is not specified .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  checks   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper for checking the draft from the draft mode .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  save   current
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  print all old queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a middleware header .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  adds a brocade kind to the integer kind .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the name of the package that are not yet used .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the transfer matrix to compute a csr matrix parameters indices : array_like a : array a : array_like the vector to compute array a : array_like the number of
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that need to be applied when deciding :func:idd_frm is applied .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  git   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the binary string containing filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  return   length
truth:  function   function

test:  find the depth number of a given predicate .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  search   return
truth:  find   a

test:  helper function that is called by the permissions of a file or applied to the given directory .
truth: on windows . 
test:  function   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  also work for sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the tool has been set by the current process .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute differences in the repo .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  clone   optional
truth:  execute   null

test:  do the typical task to echo the test suite .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  do   like
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a volume to nova cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   field
truth:  attach   a

test:  a secure for djangos cross jobs .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return a sorted status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for executable files .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  find   variables
truth:  search   search

test:  dummy test decorator that skips a test case .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  load to mock foreign_keys .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  build   plugin
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if arg is an xblock .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  provides   null

test:  helper function to handle the current process .
truth: given a server . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all auto networks and their detected networks .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  tests what attributes are created correctly when increments a table in row['first .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  filter   testing
truth:  test   test

test:  render a string containing contents into users json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   get
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints old write interactive information about a stack under the client .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  display   print
truth:  starts   null

test:  get the value of the chocolatey policy from the system .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates required by the content required by an existing task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  run the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   windows
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  signs   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost retrieves database counts for a global database record .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a cohort for the given user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the zh-tw config information according to the configuration issue .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate remote layer avatars for the given server with the given ajax .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  create   a

test:  executes the function called when the thread points .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  executes   implements
truth:  ensures   null

test:  create the fnclex for the specified llvm state .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  default   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  extract the list of namespaces that have :class:jinja2 member .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  given   a

test:  return the degrees of the hadoop module .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   error
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a serialization factory to construct an openid endpoint instance representing the rotation class .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks by their respective data .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  to   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a *m* of data .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the url to use for the given url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of ports associated with the specified port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the requested variable name from the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of filename files read from os files when script files in the package tree with the directory that match against all files when set_cookie .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  archive   sources

test:  convert a string color to color .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  call a number of logging handlers for the given stack .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  remove unused messages from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   decodes
truth:  to   convert

test:  sort the given key by key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the specified patterns is actually matches with the same patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  matching   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup a config file and create its files .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  create   up
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the initialized config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  add   back
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid items correctly parsed correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  if   check

test:  helper to get the cohort for the specified cohort and the specified course .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the last access time for the given process .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json object to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return http http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  this function returns the currently used .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two reduced arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  search the given message .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  substitute   null

test:  generates traceback authorized irrational file .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that records a test if a libraries libraries are sent .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  helper for computing pdf of epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  code   decorator
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current hardware mac address :return: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  replaces default commas: commas: in node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  missing   dfs
truth:  register   a

test:  parse params to parse a topic device data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   console
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a string field to long .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  launch a new trusted mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  launch   -
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the current time zone as a definition .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all vms tools off the specified vm cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of inside a inside another b .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this will return scene exceptions for all providers exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  dumps all setup modules from the given filename and errors bridge args: filename: the file of filenames to errors accuracy .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  dumps   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  restful crud facility to facility database .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  read   export
truth:  create   create

test:  updates the current file value and a local chunk of mr .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  replaces or disable a given range a networkx object .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  replace   verbose
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person the person is created for person titles(s) titles(s) the person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   create
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] smallest number of a variable number .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: 'stash add or override environment variables to the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:hipchat plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  find a tuple .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  a decorator to check that the user has been local site with a complete site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  return   loop
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a repository for the tool shed tool shed u_t is true .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  returns the list of all valid rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten the nested sequences of a sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  parse drac commands .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  execute   network
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to create a database instance .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  fake version of os .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the beginning contained in an sql query .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  joins   a

test:  is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds an instance of the lsi spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  compute the ~ distance of a feature image .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix for a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  index   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all given commands on the parallel node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run app from sites installed-apps context .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the standard error for the mean of a sample array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  gets code from path based on slashes .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  code   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  compress and remove the result of a pickle graph .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  compress   serialize
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  update   vals

test:  return the position of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a simple range .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  interpolated   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the root org for the ids .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  update   update

test:  given a directory .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks those c++14 features for ryu the beginning of this is used in the list .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  flag   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  wrapper to provide the csp response as a http response structure and return the response object for it .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return a factory for making a given ssh record to an ssh authentication in tf object .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  guess any files recursively in a directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  cross   find
truth:  clean   null

test:  return a list of all available package upgrade or an upgrade .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  return   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  for registered accounts .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for the flocker directory temporary directory temporary directory temporary .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  return   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  convert none to real encoded string .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  returns   standard
truth:  return   return

test:  check a test if path has a new test directory and has an existing test .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the string in the string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns the contents of server_name .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   a

test:  tests the problem to the given scenario denotes .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  have   null

test:  return the cache object for caching block points .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the distributed virtual clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a default including instance .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  create   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to mock tab calls url .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  to   users
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  replace all occurrences of text that have a doctype string .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  replace   shows
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the pack uri .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   s
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add new kolmogorov-smirnov with type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   a

test:  create a name for a temp file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   dictionary
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete table as d would insert table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   s
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of all registered sql sql sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat the function calls to func with arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ping the given font record .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  rolls   null
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns a default height with the given parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  build a pants tree for the pants file .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  build   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs local folders in the mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  install   install

test:  simple soap attribute .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a message specification into a complete list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  converts a string in the current default state to generate a more than the file .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  ensures that the form ecliptic works as expected and that it does not the expected .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   pip
truth:  check   check

test:  if you call infer a message to pass them .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   a

test:  validate value as json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  to   python
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  show the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  show   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  manage the tests .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  given a list of class or none for each model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  creates a setuptools after the given setuptools object .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  creates   setup
truth:  return   distribution

test:  helper for checking if it is a inline to the memory class .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  helps   null

test:  filter config values that are not clears in site .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  order   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  test that no exceptions are logged in the log file .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  shift   decorator
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a list of strings to utf-8 bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  mount paths to a device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function that yields lines in a pascalcase .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  create a collection attribute to the collection given a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   method

test:  utility method for config_gen .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that applies calls to this manager .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the intended parser for this script .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  wraps a private key to a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the linkage linkage for each non-singleton copy of the array .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete user accounts cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  get   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the host config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  returns a de with the specified block size .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract parameter limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   current
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for api methods on a resource .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  positive backwards negative precision .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  perform   matrix
truth:  computes   null

test:  dummy implementation of this stack .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  function to make sure broken has write access .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  lock   a

test:  return the list of weights that is selected with selected links .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  add new patches norm for the given ellipse .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  assign   multivariate
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and return the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   hiera
truth:  execute   null

test:  split the given argument entries into one of three guide .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  split   list
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a series of paragraph poly_seq .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  helper for validate_user_access_to_subscribers that parses a dict and return a list of dicts .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  all connections of the server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate an iterable containing duplicates .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  compute tax amount of money according to the money amount of datetimes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  compute   sums
truth:  added   stack

test:  shell callback to get a as: file on file and check if file is a file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  are   file
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with kwonlyarg .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the initial variance handler .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   time
truth:  updates   course

test:  solve an singular or generalized eigenvalue operations for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  solve   case
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the code tree and returns an instance of it .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  return the task instance for task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  return the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  return   string
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid string .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  a decorator for a ast list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a user object .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string containing booleans and int .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns the connected components of g in s s .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given a list of length n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return numpy name from pandas array or an array of matrices .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an rte for all threads which creates the campaign .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary of zones for zone information .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  print out the data passed into the function args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode for specified linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere of model objects from bem .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   factory
truth:  making   test

test:  synchronous sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return total route(s) after open openbsd .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  make a call class with the arguments of that array is holding a tuple .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  make   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset templates .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  tests that the tail does nothing and train instances work in the list as the correct kind .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  tests   controller
truth:  split   split

test:  tests that the in-db directory cant be removed after the on-disk data .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  make   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the list of service name .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  list   list

test:  calculates the source source to be returned by the python .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  go   pull
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a delay from a string containing a it? object .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   load
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: system-groovy check if the job has any waiting that are dynamically a string .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an endpoint from the vm endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper for identical parameters .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all available options cli example: .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that handling can be loaded as expected .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy quotas associated with quota usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the trimmed from the mean of the values of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generates random comments for classification .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  generates   download
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic associated legendre function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  function that sends the user from the logout .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  used   handler
truth:  reset   reset

test:  given an rgb array .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  to   rgba

test:  store the picture class to store some possible functionality .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   python

test:  create a dataset metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a nms interface name .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  modify   ip
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the number of rows in a sparse matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  cross   time
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check whether the specified database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute the tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  display the custom additional sandbox for a particular user .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  display   default
truth:  picks   picks

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  make a reg_ version of json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  returns   verbose
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the underlying probability space of a random expression parameters symbol : symbol a random expression of any randomsymbols on that is random expression representing the same expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from sale .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   a

test:  create a smart topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   agent

test:  checks if the file system on the system .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  module   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the log moment moments for a specified order to the specified order .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   convenience
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  decorrelation fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  remove safe modules from the package and its block root directory .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  matching   compute
truth:  try   try

test:  rereference average theprojectionvectorsdonotapplytothesechannels' to new reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline from the given pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of inforamtion that are completed for all the given user .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combine   matching
truth:  combines   a

test:  list the installed sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  display   capture
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the closed representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the path portion of an hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query the projects that we created .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   list
truth:  to   query

test:  sets the current request over the context .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  sets   redis
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  convert columns to alarms and return a mapped table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  function   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  resolves resolves .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  is   pairs
truth:  return   return

test:  test dependencies and dependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   sizes
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the details of the tag that are considered within a tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  output output of output .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  default   warning
truth:  prints   a

test:  creates an data for each directory in the given data .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  releases   float
truth:  removes   null

test:  parse input services and return a service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  gets a absolute path for the name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the provided value is not a string .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return full absolute version .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  return the targets that belong to .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set current kind of persist attributes .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns the list of image ids based on passed in uuid .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for a course user get a users course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  stubbed   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all aggregates .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test freesurfer@requires volume label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  reading   reading

test:  execute a test truncate from a file parameters args : str .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  execute   count
truth:  like   like

test:  convert a binary set of visible devices into integer .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract json body from schema and return dataset .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   check
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the given rotation angle in a human readable format .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a cookie value to a cookie value .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  convert any pending alias .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  are binary characters of obj to look like it .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  are   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a x-frame-options with the specified name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an flags process .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  gets hook name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find attributes are measurements .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   properties
truth:  null   null

test:  save the rss .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves and configure the docs special status in user and force is to be the successful user .
truth: update request . 
test:  retrieve   configuration
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract the information about a python configuration file returns none if the name of the option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy minion map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check the policy to execution icon icon .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  sends an status message and acts as a generic formatter for the json post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to claim without iterable param as invalid fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a consumer to be invoked via the backend and a consumer .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  get   store
truth:  create   create

test:  return the ordereddict latex on the unit circle circle .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  return the url of the database .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a table .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  create   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  convert knows to a :class:command bit .
truth: returns np . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for modules that the given exception is not greater than the given number of [filename] .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the organization and testing output .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  this function is used by the given numpy array and parses the values for all the dummy module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  function   new
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return an expression of all the entire variables having variables of condition .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  iterator   p
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  check if the file is greater than or equal to the dynamically .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  logs   return
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  gets the labels for host and returns the corresponding labels .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  registers   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the line number of couldnotfindthemarkjustyet .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  return   worker
truth:  locate   null

test:  return whether an object is a fallback .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  go   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  store content of a file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  content   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  determine whether current stream is not being supstituted with destination destination .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  process   virtual
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get endpoint from a carve table .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  quote the full command path for a specific user or id cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   list
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the positions of the given mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   mean
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine two elements .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  transforms the content based on responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates the plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   function
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for filenames of text records .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  function   function
truth:  parse   data

test:  simple test with observer handlers using a observer with agent .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the post configuration for settings .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  return   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a command to a amp task report .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  clone   returns
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the static representation of the dictionary and returns the directory as a variable .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that calls the python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a daemon of any active vdobject if it is iterably .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a file path into a directory that contains no conversion for .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the standard differential key .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the replaces of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  create the current operation .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  import migration from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   variables
truth:  import   a

test:  return the system matrix whose keys are the system vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get user token for given user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  get   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get rules in the css buffer into the path dictionary .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  rules   return
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a list of a string to a given list of service permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device context for the current thread .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given an fragment and the url remove the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test that the long flag can be automatically used to test for the enumerate function .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the prompt was set to something .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  modifies the application so that it is working .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  handles   one
truth:  null   one

test:  shows a new login password .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  shows   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  checks that a k['coeff is valid .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  checks   key
truth:  check   check

test:  simple accumulator wrapper around attr .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a branch by trie its trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   branch
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the id of the longest lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a absolute path with a file path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the file location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  get   block
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a l{iopump} driver instance into the drawn dict and mac .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a string representing the sorted ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of count] .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  generates the zen for a given translation and returns a given unit .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return path of proper directories in models .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  default   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  helper for os .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return given pdb and collders the connections that pair .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  align   files
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram color compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   histogram

test:  make sure that akaike test exceptions is not supplied .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  make   a
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the current authentication policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo camera .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  expected inclusion_one_default __doc__ .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  expected   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the y gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests str literal as invalid exactly not* used for invalid exactly a valid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  help   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory for control calls .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the given site-packages path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  only tell events .
truth: force exit . 
test:  capitalize   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  gets the directory where you are created and installs it .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  gets   plugin
truth:  install   a

test:  an input into a process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return the hosts file for the beginning of a directory .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the image loops in a given direction .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  validate the validate actions .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  validate   vote
truth:  perform   null

test:  n-d n-d integer to topologically table .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer flag after the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  open   function
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  convert an size-string datetime .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  reports   reports

test:  mask a string to check for help .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter string xml output .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  string   null
truth:  edits   null

test:  returns a string representation of the given registry .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  grab the csv metadata of all python metadata .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  parse the last albums in the 7 information .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  returns information on a given container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the directory for this script .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of urls that are opening/closing in the given list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple test for creating a task with designated args .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  return the squarefree entropy of the vectors for each element in bins and return the vowel matrix .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  estimate   compat
truth:  return   return

test:  build a test run once with the correct html html html html directory .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   build
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of multipart/form-data nodes from a backend given a dynamic rule .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   generator
truth:  generates   a

test:  updates a url for the given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  calculates   stop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the console commands .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  populate a list of indices from the stack .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  executing   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new actionerror and add dynamic unpublicizes to the given target .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test case if a test case is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  computes the old input and return the appropriate one .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  passed   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  creates some fields for requests .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  find a device descriptor around the given python debugger and stubs .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  performs   decorator
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  remove a exception from a text .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  remove   converts
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the test method .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return predefined volumes from a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  download   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the sync pointer of work in n x .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: return true iff the second kind given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  if   check

test:  run a string representation of assets .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  run   interfaces
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove abbreviated files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test for running jobs in testing .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  to   point
truth:  preload   a

test:  check if a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  is the path to the directory that the given package is relative to the file name .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  disallow prioritized use in 340 .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   program
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if the image exists in the image name for a given image name .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   a

test:  create a string that can be used as an identifier and returns a string of to strings .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches a web log file and try to authenticate via http service .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  downloads   configure
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return true if the tree is a node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a if rename is human-readable or returns a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  same as a rule .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert value in order to key .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  value   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if a user is committed to perform the given secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create multiple dataframe parameters based on parameters .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  null   space
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header for the given road .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of all fields for the given length .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns s for a string .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  s   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  finds all of the source nodes in the user-specified source listings are the __init__ .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  returns a list of warnings from votable file location .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a image of the image with a given size .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return the most network device name for this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace users with a particular pid .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list the items in a number .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  remove a user .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   members
truth:  replaces   members

test:  apply a microsoft vector to each row in finite .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  apply   list
truth:  calculates   null

test:  tries to match a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  list the indices for creating minor} objects for the given version .
truth: available major . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  an implementation of basic implementation that compares the form: implementation of a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this 0query only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   null
truth:  use   use

test:  take the list of instances and return them as a string .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content in the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html tag .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new ui instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a parsed configuration value for a given thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   line
truth:  gets   null

test:  format a human readable unit text with the format of the sound in seconds .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  format   current
truth:  returns   a

test:  only available on systems with riak installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install dependencies under pip requirements question .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a given certificate certificate returns a dict where one is in the path .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the protocol and protocol url for a given url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   value
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  sent   base
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  null   ru

test:  change alarm time .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  change   function
truth:  set   set

test:  the generated output of a datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the decorrelation decorrelation for dot product .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  multivariate   product
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  keys in the salt sdb headers .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  generate blobs of the iterator and response .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  test   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  wrapper for re-scan .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  using   null

test:  config_drive compute passwords from json or newmans newmans parameters .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   value
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the url of the url to mask a valid one .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  url   url

test:  imports and returns the django location given the name to the django template settings .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the namespace from sensitive and return the namespace dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   room

test:  check if the named service is in /etc/init cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  this is a simple helper to generate a csv file containing information about invited classes for a given course .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  trigger a non-regression stim stim daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   up
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the maximum child key and end of a head response .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the coefficient of a sequence of arguments .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  return   statement
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  return pprint representation of the journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the primary character in which the completion should be inserted like:: completion .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to the desired location button .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  return   unix

test:  set current logger filter into the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  set   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a menu .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a resource by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  value   null
truth:  get   a

test:  this function allows you to be called on a function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  matches the corresponding dict .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  nested   compatibility
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if an mailbox binding is actually a module with the declaring specification .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  it only the leading and trailing bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  finds   null

test:  a context manager to temporarily create a alarm user when the alarm is reached .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  open   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   columns
truth:  string   string

test:  return a single file of a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts a value from a list of values by type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  extracts   translate
truth:  infer   a

test:  returns the kind of a positive str .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test _path_info() .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  returns a taguri .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   configuration

test:  gets the default exe' environment variable name for the current user or none if unset .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  gets   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get mangling to underscores can be set as mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns empty host and the results of proxy host .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the given boto_dynamodb is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a random integer representation of a log_fh: number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a finite random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a snapshot value .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  computes   structure
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that signal and signal handler are valid .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   service
truth:  fire   a

test:  formats a sample size for a given sample .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the login on the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  display   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the volume size of the two node edges .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode the given chunksizeb chunks with its data .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  is spherical harmonic scaling parameters factors : array_like .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  is   shuffles
truth:  project   a

test:  release that all associated tables have needed by the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  pivot   calling
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of all compiler 'mingw .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a list of indices from cluster to a dict() that is .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper for initialization or bias of a weight of data structure .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple wrapper around djangos level .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  show a information about the message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial out the parameters prime : .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  order   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model at the specified points .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists on the container .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  exception   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present with gemset .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a resource provider provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the product to check if the locale for the locale whose document is out of a send .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  get   number
truth:  return   return

test:  create a connection class for use in cherrpy get parameters .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  create   commands
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all environment variables for the application .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return whether device(s) just assumes we dont need to do this if not logged in .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a floating point of n n .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the rows of x kernel kernel x in x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  computes   null

test:  format the size in bytes to a human readable format .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  render the proxy for the user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  render   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  get file information .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  file   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of tuples that are ls of the given user .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the root root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a list of tuples and create the data for each time .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  build the above name for the script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a fs notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the lazy token for the domain .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  get   open
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a command in a subshell .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   code
truth:  call   call

test:  gets a user permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a list of reserved reserved methods for a given dict of time .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file is a file .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  find   try
truth:  to   try

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given name is a decorator decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that samphub has a readable subset of markdown .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a function that will allow everything made up to be the mean .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  allow   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log form url successfully .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   log
truth:  log   events

test:  open a file .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   output
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of new-style class names .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  group -> group return the elements of a list of lists .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  returns a 2-tuple of compiled frequency for the given string .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  decodes the user to choose from latin-1 .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  evaluates   user
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  return a copy of an image memory from all of the same channel as this fails .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  string   load
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals group of the selected drawing group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   one
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retrieve a google api url for the current thread .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  retrieve   user
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for mathjax to appear on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  new user form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  null   new
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used by stripping or loss function .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   null
truth:  requires   requires

test:  some remainder related info on the node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  return the information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  extract results from continueresults and init text .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   example

test:  converts a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  value   a
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a phyloxml file and return the contents of the given file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a python source file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns the random qubit circuit text .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a 'string' project with a given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given branding template with a valid zipfile .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write the contents of a pack file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   generate
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return the version string for remote .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   output
truth:  return   tshark

test:  check the additional commands of the additional arguments .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  run   list
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the snapshot for the snapshot but keeps its contents .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items directory .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  remove each filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the index of an array along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  rows   reverse
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns the extension and its files for download details .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  saves the inventory to either type_qualifier or the proxied .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  save   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of roles for a group from a group or domain name .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  provides a honors response object identity response .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  format   a
truth:  build   up

test:  return the exit image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the cached localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  in the triangulation value with theano variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  show help script around the given help code .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect collect and their pspaces of a multiple b .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  this function returns a callback to parse the contents of the given options .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  function   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  generates the user-agent api for the given repository .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generates   progress
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure that is not installed via the make sure that the state of the state object is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  transform the input results from the input arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirect to the given url .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily call a file object as an new user .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generates an ascii-only digest challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generates   quantize
truth:  return   return

test:  is the given index value .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of dictionaries for the given dict .
truth: like repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find objects based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   object
truth:  find   channel

test:  apply a query string to an instance of the vm .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  record   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  check to see if the domain is karma_vote_accepted .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  to   user
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parses a raw options generated by returning it .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a random string of the code file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   code
truth:  compile   a

test:  export the given remote repository cwd .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   vertices
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a member for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  send non-maskable interrupt to a vm vm : string vm to be targeted options : string vm to be targeted or screenshot -- default: nmi key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch a raw image with the given id and set it .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  defines the bson options .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  defines   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert polygon function .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of name names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  given   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the maximum of a real matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a http header for the given body .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 400 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a method for handlers to add a given request to and method as a method returning an error handling .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  return   request
truth:  write   methods

test:  convert worksheet back to file name .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  return a list of images parent image inputs .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters of a string .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  run all of the tests when run as a suite .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has the given node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   view
truth:  to   checks

test:  print a hex string for each dns record type .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object from the values dictionary .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  factory for local operation factory .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size between two node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  draw   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for the argument value .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  generate the version of the system lun lun corresponding to the given system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  generate   node
truth:  builds   null

test:  utility method to check if low-pass contains needle output .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   depth
truth:  is   null

test:  return a file of the serial file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read initial one- and return as a list of one- .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts json representation of a dict to a file .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to regular expression .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generates a file with the given key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns the downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  does this a check if plural is known .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  does   return
truth:  check   check

test:  p-value image by multiplicative_expression to generate an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  simple function for creating a list of strings .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   return

test:  creates the rich loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  release   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return url of service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  issues   newlines
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the number of functools-wrappable details for a specific apache percentage .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  updates the asset image of a given section_key .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  construct   method
truth:  to   try

test:  render a new user errors .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  render   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  helper function that returns upgrade email when  is not send .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  function   version
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  instantiate a data-structure name to a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  construct   property
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a directory containing the path to file .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a long-running python-memcache function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  open   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  run an iis module on the system name the container to remove all of the given path .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin allows you to specify the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse driver requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment file plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a datetime tuple into an integer .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  the given tickets of new session .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  helper for yielding all items contained in a panel .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  look   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this function is called to open a file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for a migrate in the migrate .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the contents of the placeholder is installed .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the registry path .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merges cached dictionaries into a single semaphore is the following keys from compound .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  return list of images from iterable that are available .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yields the minimum data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  make sure the form of a numpy time when it does this is created from array of attributes .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  make   number
truth:  url   url

test:  take an object or a qname tag and determine if it .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a prototype for the given function that returns a double pointer dev dev parameter .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   check
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find metadata in s3 file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the path to the directory containing proper file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations for the specified text .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   plot
truth:  shows   shows

test:  simple test for uploading one of a alloc object .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  calculate   stubs
truth:  create   a

test:  set a log and label of the user .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  set   axis
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading info file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate directory .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  for the flaglog function .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  function   function

test:  validate the yaml template for the given yaml .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  validate   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  remove an existing value from the numpy location may be defined in the path .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return mask of samples .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mask   digital

test:  fake turning @roles @hosts in tuple .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  generate crc-32c checksum of bit .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   up
truth:  computes   a

test:  split a string into a lhost instance .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  split   output
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a string or none .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with user traffic rows .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  requests partition information to what volume(s) events are goals .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  installed   server
truth:  return   a

test:  test that ascii can which header values between bad and header header values .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   test
truth:  header   header

test:  servers a value suitable for a python objects and converts four string .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  null   test
truth:  files   files

test:  starts a pyramid event for the user .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  attach   events
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random integer using the given shadow .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the right expansion of expr and no expression methods -- no expression is true if expr is false .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a dictionary of sample values for certain value .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  replaces   ssh
truth:  return   a

test:  get a lashed gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   task
truth:  given   task

test:  escape a string so that it can be cast in xml characters .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to change the init logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the server is currently installed .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  if   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test whether a path is executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named sources and regenerate the tree_base .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the path of a file .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the templates list in source and can be written in the specified dir .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  utility function to implemented an kwvalue error .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  returns   a

test:  return current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dict with new and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  split object id into two safe way: cursor .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  object   a
truth:  object   object

test:  get axes at either axes or the current vertex input string .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   gaussian
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or a destination .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  a decorator that maps chunks of a parallel method to the hypervisor .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  unregisters with remote host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  password   password

test:  creates text content .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  tests whether test has a test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable or disable objects into objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of contents that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  generate irc 0saved url .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all adjust output of a given string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   call
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new default prefix for the given default prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  tests that the correct - used where sanity tests are out of sanity tests or a file that doesnt need to pass to the right dependencies .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  tests   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of default or datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  runs 'initialized' command .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  finished   connection

test:  get a list of romanize for the current site .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  get   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the message of the bridge on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a server the contents of a server cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  return   method
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can check translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that a number of acceptable estimator .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  return   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given vm_state and an solutions as logging .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  given   implementation
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %%prun with user input .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given encoding name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  lookup   up

test:  simple positive integer n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  iterator   number
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  get   check
truth:  return   current

test:  does a test .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal | dubconstant | literal | new location .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   definition

test:  get info about the -35 .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  capture   info
truth:  output   parameter

test:  test if the tpot cli interfaces .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  if   quote
truth:  assert   a

test:  test org-wide tiles attributes .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  review   qt
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return the given retrying as :class:numpy .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if fit works without a valid degrees .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  if   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be posted after the group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  lookup and retrieve all outstanding page identity identity .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if there is any of the argument sections .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a collection object containing the datastore domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an order by an order rather than a specified order by index cli example: .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  create   a
truth:  place   place

test:  this function returns a list of the indices of the list .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  get the profile model class .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a rsync matlab line number between nodes .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   elements
truth:  place   place

test:  change a database name database name to remove user the user to connect as password the port to connect to connect to connect as password the port the port to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set header value for the given header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  adds a reference to a protobuf summary table .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   value
truth:  adds   null

test:  show the name of a bench field .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  show   find
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the number of simpletables installed by system timezones to outer completes .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  center   center

test:  computes the deviation: kernel kernel x in x .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  computes   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete one or more server from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix the correct file .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  return the file or directory .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  import   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns prerequisite .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an uninitialized gpu emptyisdeprecated implementation available .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate the link links to make this always returns a ca to pass in the input page .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return the details of the sites group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server and statistics .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the named vm .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test generator on string c{obj} of the class should always work .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  importing   a
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound tests .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create and return a formatted fastq format for each fastq fastq header .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate random seed for generating random string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   quaternion
truth:  return   a

test:  print a url as leading .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  print   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create a linear inverse sizes .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  create   nodes
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the user in .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decorate a large position where the github data is enabled .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs sql statements in the current thread .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  has   django

test:  returns the clip of a variable .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  returns a file size in the given filename or two imp .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a ar(p) affine data file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   load
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean along the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the indices of the elements in a graph .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the mac lookup of two encodes bits as a subset of the length .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  returns   implements
truth:  split   a

test:  compute distribution data .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  compute   randomly
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  converts arg to an element .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  stack   stack
truth:  pack   variables

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  are   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  build standard permissions for custom editor .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   a
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a local network of nodes connectivity .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape tabs so that it can be used as a ninja so that it can connect to the identifier for use within imapfoldersyncstatus .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary with the entries in the dict .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the name of the css group dependencies for the given css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  generates an iterator by the occurrences of the dataset .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  to   s
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if the output has previously set .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log and return the section with an option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   log

test:  is the directory that a given directory is considered within a base directory .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  is   path
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights with the given collection_id or under_score .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the right address of a :class: .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  construct a tile row in a tile config file and returns a tile config string .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of tags from the word args: request: the tag to translate the tags .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   messages
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a single files .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  to   render
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty name and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should raise an exception if given path if invalid .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a javascript sequence of variables .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item | enum_item | enum_item | enum_item | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   parsing
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a set of y plots .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  wait for open files in payment directory with the number of files .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  debugging   file
truth:  write   a

test:  create a collection of hosts and add them to user created by tensorflow .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   new
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  a wrapper around static error messages .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  get   changes
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given url belongs to the given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses both http requests to perform http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  taskstatus delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the position of the sentence at the given offset .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  scharr   find
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters to the given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  view   view

test:  serve the permission from the client .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  returns the default key to include default keys .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  sort   sort

test:  decorator that f is a float or not .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   modules
truth:  null   null

test:  return all running http http user cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  override flags to a new coordinate option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two wsgi dictionaries .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the mixin class for the given module .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  mean the mean and element from the group .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the maximum username .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict or not .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a root user in root and start it .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  return the path to the rcctl(8) of the file .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  devptr wrapper for has_player .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  return the duration of the integer represented by milliseconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the output class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   null
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a disjoint size for a cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  make a polynomial of the py model .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  make   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an array for inclusion in a specified process .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  create   gear
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  list the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  check that creation is before exactly before calling certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  check   certificate
truth:  verify   null

test:  escape classified text so that it is an html fragment in html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  reads all paths .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  files   files

test:  add protobuf keys for a protobuf .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   null

test:  create a random element from the given headings .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  sample   output
truth:  draws   null

test:  connect the shared logs into the log line for the given token .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  launch   function
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a list of tuples to the accepted domain size .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  determines   null

test:  add credentials to an http server .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  add   test
truth:  null   credentials

test:  'doc event job .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  init   fire
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the network ip address is a network ip and optionally check on the subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json file and return as numpy ast .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   string
truth:  read   json

test:  ensure that its possible to display multiple easy third .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   test

test:  return the tag for the given volume name .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  lookup   volume
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return site query in sqlalchemy query .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  establish --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  add   a

test:  compute bem mri mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  algorithm   check
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check for method'sdefaultargumentshouldn'tbemutable .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of fragments .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  given   html
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  helper to format an existing user with project or none .
truth: return env . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine the path of a file by the filename or checkout .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  convert   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if a sequence is in the order .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  if   create
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets a users profile based on the user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  gets   users
truth:  return   a

test:  view for djangos-social-auth requests .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  handle   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default value for given component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  unicode   arg
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the given python object .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  take   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check to make unique montage montage prefix .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  to   function
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the value of a individual function .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound twitter messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  translate user data to eliot user .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if service is available on the system .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  frobenious objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this is a proxy function to hide microsite_configuration behind comprehensive theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns all of the rules that consist the given rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  default   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  switch to display tab completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke an privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   privileges
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form view and version view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  git   detail
truth:  project   version

test:  generate a default package instance for a package instance .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  like   a
truth:  make   a

test:  opens a db flags .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  opens   re
truth:  null   a

test:  get an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   a

test:  expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  return a random objects also used on the keystone .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sequence of floats and their sequence sequence .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the constant of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   logarithm
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in this vmware cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  stop a path .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  commits a new translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  installs   verifies
truth:  adds   a

test:  use this decorator to wrap methods in a future name .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  use   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  same as streams should not be equal to a streams .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap string with floats to python string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  float   replace
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  ensure that hugs uuid correctly handles basic uuid as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of all available updates .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  returns   maximum
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the local panel graph .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  generate   command
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a file uri to a uri uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  the unpacks to assert that and case .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test dateline with efficient data .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   interpolation
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the given url cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  if the temporary files is designed to save all .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create filename unless its group with salt:// style name specified .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  cleans the total unused tetragrid for managing stability .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  to   job

test:  handles the comment form with an existing comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate the raw endpoint for a 2d node only .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate the completion string of key data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns the first filter found in the list of filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   user

test:  return upsert_data() or false if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   variables
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  given a topic hash .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a target target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert string value to none (1) none .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract messages from a list of tags .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  marks a string for opening with equal characters .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  marks   columns
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request reset of students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  usage   request
truth:  to   request

test:  an expression and right measure .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  extract the authsub header and redirect flow from an ec2 instance .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a non-editable package using a non-editable content using a relative url for using a relative content using "pip content .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  creates a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the most cell version that was used to versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  return a dict that can be passed to the given key for a dict of dicts .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates the given password against the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find sls items in sls without sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the day of the day in the request .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can test classes .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  updating   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  return a list of rows from the search string .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   results
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  adapted   null

test:  returns the given setuptools path to a valid setuptools url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload an instance .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generates a random colors from a utilities node .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if time in seconds .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  if   value
truth:  return   a

test:  return timeline data for gantt / calendar rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   no
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  determine if the compositing compositing compositing is enabled for the x11 compositing flag .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the current stdout .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  yields all python files found in directory that should be included invoking having a directory that is considered source code .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  create   get
truth:  yield   path

test:  return a list of all iam peering connection between 0 and their associated peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the line from a file .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  ensure that we can test a good color objects .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  ensure   individual
truth:  colorized   test

test:  return a single representation of options .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  return   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to text .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  a model class that is really needed to construct a model with the given inputs of the lsb_release .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  group gradient times between two points .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   return
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get a filepath from the *type* alignment file .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   data

test:  return a dict of all of the bucket metadata files found within the cloud storage .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  create reasons dask from many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   bag

test:  return a time in time as time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache data .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a list of the current deployment names for the given deployment instance .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  checks if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path for the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get the d[ rank of the given rank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  gives   null

test:  function to find the symlink at the location of the container .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  to   null
truth:  need   need

test:  creates all files that match for i18n and head .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a theme object for this server .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an ancillary string to an ancillary port of the according ancillary function .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  return the current sms time as a datastore .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  finds the parent of a task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  get the svn path from path .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  get   dict
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting enabled bugs .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve ~ version .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  indicates if the url is an absolute url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  does   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the value of the entropy name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a datetime to integer since the utc .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   copy
truth:  return   a

test:  copies scores to systemd into numpy array .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  base   export
truth:  issue   issue

test:  a factory that will get requests that places places on the cluster and return a specified rate at a time .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the [80 operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the unix temp directory .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate an id or model instance with one conflict methods .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture to run a request and make sure the session has etree .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  force   fixture
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the url for given parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if path looks like an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the save post method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return the bridge that is written to 'stp' cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the repository dialog for a repository on the local repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed code that is true .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  helper function to format valid serial code .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  check a string to see if an existing python module is installed .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  to provide the django retryparams for the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test mininetcluster() mode using depth .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  use   test
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of randomly .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  try to convert a list of acceptable queue instance to a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match them as them in scenario column .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return inverse of a first kind of x .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the floats site a model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  string   parse
truth:  null   models

test:  channel information section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   cleanup
truth:  null   mode

test:  computes the rebuild for the given return a triple .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  rebuild   decorator
truth:  hook   hook

test:  verify an ssh key on root host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  is   upload
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   new
truth:  takes   a

test:  create the given template tag from iis6 or in the node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return the clusters approximation of the given vectors .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   module
truth:  performs   null

test:  managers the current syntax into the pool object .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  compiles   checks
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  strip the spectrogram dataset .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  strip   req
truth:  convert   a

test:  waits for a message to finish within the given number .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  returns a validator that can be used as a validator to the rlglue process .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more action .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  to   use
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate through all nodes in the given corpus .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  iterate   set
truth:  yield   null

test:  gets the object from a path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  generate the sphere for the given number of cones .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  executes   subroutine
truth:  generates   a

test:  the repr() .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a string is an system .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute a gradient from the expression .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set the current idle key of the idle activation .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add sequence of word to a sequence of word .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  seq   reverse
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  '%slayercount%s message string by procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   add
truth:  print   print

test:  composite two matrices by a composite lookup of n .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  connect configuration changes the global configuration disk .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the data .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  list all vault vault key .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  list   analyze
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of objects .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns the keys that handle keys of the keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load fixture data fixtures: .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate significance local variables parameters ar : array_like coefficients of arma process of arma process : array_like coefficients of lagpolynomial with autoregressive lag-polynomial : array_like coefficients of arma process parameters
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  multivariate   value
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  name   name

test:  determine the repository url for the repository to in a specified repo .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   current

test:  return a simple user the host to check users name the user user host to connect to connect to connect to connect to cli example: .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  return   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  create a form form for a given form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   info
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  call the command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  call   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  a helper method to help compatible with an instance of a particular data .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  middleware   up
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  saves a libcloud datetime to the user for a user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  displays   usernames
truth:  records   records

test:  run the comments from comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  run   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the approximate kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check whether the cffi pointer is valid .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach the process in the process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  sends   run
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a relative path with a relative install --prefix .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   a

test:  drop the specified engine if one is models .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  drop   configurations
truth:  clear   null

test:  generates the two objects on obj .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  generates   update
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  return true if a launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  lead k]x confirming function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  return the disk logs for the directory specified in .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  read a 32bit string .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   api
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create parameters for shared variables .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  get the computer computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute column with the given shape this is a 2d array parameters a : 1-d array returns: a : tensor .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  remove all the index from x .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  a simple way to generate multipart data .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  is   serialize
truth:  encode   a

test:  uniquifier an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules id .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the swiss sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  attempt to return the current revision for the specified analytics .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this function supports windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  null   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes needed to generate new version .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  performs a pickle of the get_init table .
truth: save history . 
test:  performs   custom
truth:  save   history

test:  returns current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager that use the given http http http http response to generate the log messages .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  apply   code
truth:  change   change

test:  start a running service cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  reloads   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the arguments provided in the integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  send to wait until it does not exist .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set warnings in a :class:lazy table .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  logging   warnings
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return an array of tuples .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   names
truth:  registers   new

test:  given some custom settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  match   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the influx sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract a single tabular sentence into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the xenstore-ls attribute of this module .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   form
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  construct the fixed ori status code for fixed ori .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  construct   downloads
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   group
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return the metadata url of the api endpoint .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  try   try

test:  return data from data and their open bytes .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  read   read

test:  simple function used to bypass :class:formatter when they are passed in .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  weighted   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  get the twisted object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  processes a list of str indices via utf-8 and returns utf-8 .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  extract   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  load a png vispy image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  if the current line is corresponding to the corresponding line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a new new username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always step .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   function
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test to make sure all values are correctly ignores parallel .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   dependency
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the function f to a string .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  replaces   home
truth:  if   null

test:  test that p can be parsed in the numerically .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a standard untracked .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  create   try
truth:  returns   a

test:  list interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  poll response to the given number of responses this is the expected command-line interface .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  poll   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  get a course cart with the given user items in the []valid items .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  get   information
truth:  null   a

test:  generate an iterator for the z3 test runner .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  is   null

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  landing view .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  null   template
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect the signals transitions transitions by a given openlabjack .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  given a set of strings .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  handle   columns
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  print the orphaned vdis vdis for a given instance_uuids .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  print   function
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick only reference .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   download
truth:  default   stim

test:  clears the private_exponent data can be loaded on the minion .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  joins a url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  compile a list of those flags by the ast .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   implements
truth:  compile   ast

test:  this is a silly wrapping the function that will sleep for the given finder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  is   program
truth:  put   put

test:  finds a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  decrypts a one-hot indefinite index using the hue 360 values .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the secure password .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  update   update

test:  tests what happens is built even if the vcenter doesnt appear in the vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  tests   list
truth:  if   test

test:  read a tail encoded string of text objects .
truth: from url . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  url   url

test:  takes a user with ids of all collections and merge it to the given creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  reverses the list until a and a to a flag is true .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  reverses   product
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a namespace for the given name and returns the callers one .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   service
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files on non-existant directory .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  compute the largest centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a timestamp into a human-readable list of values .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  process   time
truth:  time   time

test:  outputs two outputs are outputs .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  -   -

test:  remove the previously registered identifier from the connections[senderkey]except of the connections[senderkey]except .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an error call .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package name for the given package name or id if exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that using member given a member .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  default   default

test:  set the group and password for the specified path .
truth: same as os . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  takes one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send order invoice link after order invoice .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  turns an installed backend into a llvm backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  construct   point
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry point cant escape entry if address is properly .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure multipart files .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an existing zone .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  download all existing user permissions .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  download   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  this gets the given step that is an fast .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits string into string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  process   a

test:  create a new dict containing utc support .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dictionary of lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   maps
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all privs' details cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex with each component the first component of the first .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create network and run multiple hosts .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   network
truth:  control   control

test:  return a string to read the regex .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  format   a

test:  calculates the bit term for a sphere of the cluster array .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the python identifier for the django version of django .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to require user data .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply fct time of a node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  record   call
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users users home which the user belongs to have windows list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the path is svc .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of the current packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add access to group type for project_id .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  get path to data directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the url is the certs or not .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  return   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the standard deviation along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a node from the corresponding paragraph directive .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the given list of samples from the activation function and returns the list of samples of the given list of samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets a readline by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  gets   pil
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize backslashes that converts input to backslashes by removing trailing quotes .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  normalize   slashes
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit edit edit an existing report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  return the value for a key in the minion datastore .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  helper function of close to make sure that the index of the first index encoding .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  function   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a {'pool' pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   execution
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string x and a .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  build a sadly instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  construct   factory
truth:  validate   validate

test:  loads and returns a django object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a fixed-width transform to an item .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   transform
truth:  transform   surface

test:  the class decorator for this function will translate the string to the subclass of a matrix or not .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns default config for cache documents .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   notifications

test:  verify that the hex signature of a hex socket can be updated with a hex .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  tests   image
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  this is a convenience function to find a list of all capturing methods to the request that is not supported by the current session .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  is   pass
truth:  verify   signature

test:  helper to convert a file path to dotted settings .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  used   null

test:  this function is called to the proxy file .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  grant   list
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute place of the image stage function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of an instance .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read metamorph data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  tag   twitter
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of groups that are used to query values for each of the groupings within this read (unix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates proper period of image modules whose status are in the integer backends .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  scan   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the credit credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  print an empty process that can be suitable for an posting user .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  open   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available versions about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  return   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime instance .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get the current region for an operation on this platform .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  checks if this thread is available in this page .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the user .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns an instance of the datastore model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager that changes the current working directory for a given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  a script that returns a new yaml session .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  context   patch
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  prepare dictionary for a given path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  context   in
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns the course for the given location .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  remove the folder name from the home directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that enables the decorated function signature returns a deferred with a given variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this function prints source node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  function   reply
truth:  display   display

test:  add a mysql user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a summary of the file and storage .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set the container decorator passed as the container id or not .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  returns a list of sql keys .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  get   get

test:  show dns table .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  show   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump enabled and create options .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  help   msg
truth:  dump   info

test:  check that all operators and events; are operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  creates an empty user when a welcome user is changed to set a communication identifier .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  creates   sailthru
truth:  enable   enable

test:  gets the output for the record .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate an tensor for managing volume this image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  generate   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   data

test:  check if the issues of issues and do not start with cache .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the nest binary sensor platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  register   lights
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  given a reference to the supplied key .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get json data .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  model   assume
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  apply function to quality length .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  make   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  read files into a single file .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  list   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  save and return an common key to skirt .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  save   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  when a django user is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a single pathname ref as a pathname .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* spins of a roulette .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  gets the string from the package database .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  gets   attempt
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html file .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   html
truth:  writes   null

test:  decorator for test based on test parameters .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean flowgrams .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  a decorator for a user .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the query to query from the server .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates a sqlcmd config directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   entry
truth:  creates   null

test:  logs a friendly service to person given as argument and creates .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  logs   method
truth:  print   a

test:  convert the number of days in mode to .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convert   checking
truth:  convolve   x

test:  a unique data type check if y is a nice way .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  modified   test
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the absolute path .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  recursive   null

test:  return a list of executable vispy names in the directory specified by the orm module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  list   string
truth:  import   import

test:  is it a runnable string; either a list of stripped classes or lines of the time .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  is   line
truth:  return   return

test:  test pip wheel links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the managed command-line options and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  convert two numbers .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  convert   y
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no targets are the rotation matrix .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the given name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  create an image instance of a matplotlib image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  create   return
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the difference of the matrix in a and b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   like
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to a random string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  tests that sparse model gives the same result as sparse .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  that a new user .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  create   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the quotas for all quotas .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validate   fix
truth:  validates   validates

test:  a generator function for passing an object as constructor .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   info

test:  get user copy of a desktop desktop user copy .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   insert
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  do not allow tags to choose with those which will use .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  see   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used for the struct-like dictionary values in html output .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  to   null

test:  this function does not allow anything to be read from a subset of nodes in the first kind .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  search for linkification .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  search   path
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given encoding used by encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a user object .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  null   event
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the maximum 3 b with the same name as the -= or none .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate optelse property number .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the secret secret secret key and return the contents of the given secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parse the data value to parse the data portion of a query response to extract the data is a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return true if the object can be read from a docker to the file .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  this is a wrapper around julian-formatted .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  is   event
truth:  make   a

test:  convert user name to a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new :class:flask app factory .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of n .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  gets string to check the tokens in order to show .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  after after after after after after after
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list the user to show it and return them .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a job to only return true if redis to do redis seconds .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  check bem has last_updated py_name .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   apply
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a stream to a file .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  iterates over the summary of the given versions of commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  existing   generator
truth:  sorted   null

test:  returns hessian of the first descent matrix for the given residual distribution parameters params : array_like the hessian matrix .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  for a given filename .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote / characters for inserting a string .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  paragraphs   normalize
truth:  text   text

test:  for an authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  null   error
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the distances in the rate triggered .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  if   function
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat the message and repeat .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  is   null

test:  discard the corpus of the conll characters in a corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  split the defaultdict of attributes for each row of glance groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  function decorator which applies a caller function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  do   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   type

test:  copy a directory and its children into the destination directory .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  copy   python
truth:  sign   a

test:  return a specific database to a database flush by the optional database cli example: .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return an identity object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot the surfaces for axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  fix the current tree clades for all trees in the tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a path for biopythons packages in the directory where packages .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  local context from the stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  purge   replace
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file to disk and create a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   version
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   size
truth:  get   get

test:  set a datetime .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as as_sparse_variable but if organization is enabled .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the given text with ampersands .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  escaped   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple helper for testing purposes .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  optional helper function .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the relying token from the auth auth object .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  returns   none
truth:  context   processor

test:  return a group components of the current process components and the desired group components on this system .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read equality_expression chunks from file-like chunks and return the data chunks .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   list
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a applications that nsurl from export .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all subscriptions ranges for a particular document .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   subscription

test:  invokes a list of ipv6 addresses in output metadata or ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  return the buffer for a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure that user has been set .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   group
truth:  ensure   null

test:  read an image from the given block .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  read   update
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  to   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  extract data from a step step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the shared function with the passed function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape to clang .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  to   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  split a range cant parse a string using a leading part of that zone .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  code   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  do not *true* to *true* and return *true* of one element .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   os

test:  a wrapper around echoreturns .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  create a list of security group rule from a specified project .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  default   default

test:  delete all of the configured user .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   media
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard or docked interactive window of the given parameters say the first or say .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  one or more vms search for one or more vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  forces   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the variable with qualified name *q_class_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication status for project .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if the object is an instance of the mapping variable .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load instances from a module and return a list of instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with the given timeout .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  shutdown   timeout
truth:  null   power

test:  called when a selectable is reported .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  called   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  shows the system at a text that has a human readable form .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return a list of topics .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  creates a greedy policy for a given number of elements .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  creates   shows
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tag an image into channel .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a filter to filter extensions of an existing object .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a string or sorcery array form within the given version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop information section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   status
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  return whether obj is module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table and return a table of the nftables being installed in the table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns a new dictionary with any duplicate values having true value .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dictionary of variable button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a dict that is returned by default .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  return   items
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return the query string so it will match to it .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  simple function to %son%s' this function will call a handler in an simple wildcard engine .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  function   current
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of nodes and perform a bipartite graph using a function salt .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  answer a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  fixed   flask
truth:  accept   accept

test:  execute the given runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all available g cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   unicode
truth:  template   template

test:  this method patches a liberally graph that is the same as an parse_one_rule_from_dict file .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  replaces   output
truth:  export   method

test:  final a map[perm]] pil .
truth: process part . 
test:  open   authentication
truth:  process   part

test:  determines the regex names of a string that contains the following name .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  template   camel
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  produce the median median of *x* .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a resource versions for the current request .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  updates   list
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  this is a version of the supplied class name .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  is   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test that path can be loaded generated by tight_layout and that cannot be loaded .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the carving .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   display
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized result .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert missing bucket path to a python value for missing bucket .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   read

test:  runs flaky on a single test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps about the given process id for the container .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   output
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 names provided by col delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  default   table
truth:  null   table

test:  return a storage object with the data in django and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  paging from error .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  return   image
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterable of unique elements in iterable list .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a increasing template as an optional context .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test variable with in-memory logs .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   frappe
truth:  if   check

test:  remove tabs and params from course if it is enabled .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   windows
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extract a unslug search from a string in an url .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  extract   slug

test:  given user .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  given   linear
truth:  get   page

test:  gets the output of the output files: files: files: cell info .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  gets   output
truth:  prints   prints

test:  drops any upgrade request from url .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  shows   check
truth:  to   try

test:  release a release release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  loop   directory
truth:  clone   clone

test:  jacobian of matrices representing the mises matrix n and efficient options .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor version information to obtain the version from show version output .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  writes a exit string into all predicted code .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  do   summary
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json thread .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns the best sum of a fiff indices .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  new password and password and reset an new password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  function   password
truth:  view   view

test:  write syslog-ng configuration changes .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  write   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ill running dest and build the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  try   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  return the distance matrix of a binary vector by the distance matrix parameters 20 : array a : array_like the number of rows .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  coefficients   get
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to hash a password hash given the pbkdf2 parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  hash   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pushes changes the grading_context changes .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  changes   ansi
truth:  shows   a

test:  helper to return the applied gui to the known name .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the eventlet pool for a particular thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  return   download
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  creates the 'trivial graph p_n of an instance which has no empty graph g .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for checking if the item is a hash object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  and_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that file line is used in boolean :class:~werkzeug files .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw copy of data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return the name for a file for a given file or none .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  custom bgps function factory for linux test code .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   config

test:  escape an argument name for the given tan(x)**2 .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax endpoint to media media term .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   download
truth:  search   search

test:  return the program based on the process .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  return   sphinx
truth:  drops   drops

test:  initialize a simple replacement for the admin arch .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  write a type to the pkgutil that was made by .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute a ['restorecon' on the moose cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check the python version from the python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used by the console output .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  configures   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new parameter on a course course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a case fails by adding transfers while uploading works while uploading fails while uploading .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   profile
truth:  model   a

test:  checks if an agent is a normally .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the requester can initialize for a data structure .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  return   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench web server .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decodes a string representation based on a given value .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  control   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  find the linear differential equation the qq of a matrix .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate auth with a user interface if not already exists .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  converts unicode strings into python 3 only on python 3 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  unicode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns the value of a process and newline documents .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp data from a hps appropriate data string and extract the appropriate snmp / comments into the snmp if possible .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   bool
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   show
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the 'bits function or none if 'bits is not found .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  show   current

test:  return the script name for the named script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the reverse .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  needs   return
truth:  return   return

test:  count the number of occurrences of numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  count   iterator
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize the given expression .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   norm
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to fit .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  extract the shape of an array or group shape from a given shape .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an enum instance of enum and enum its enum .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  object   register
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the given key is in the same dictionary as an agents .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for a given slug .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown removes unknown blocks .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  errors   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object and returns a numpy object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts unicode string to unicode .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compile the features of fn as a string .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  generates   script
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an state like representation for the given state s to an states exactly the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from the given certificate to remove the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server nodes .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  show a user and returns a dictionary of legendre .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt extensible with aes .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  based   null

test:  fake fake device elements .
truth: register the device . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generate sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course section .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph g = a single argument .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys to use for this directory .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment amount of the given payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers for missing object .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   client
truth:  remove   containers

test:  returns the archive archive of the given filename .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  merge two dictionaries first microseconds .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes outer text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge two critical pairs into a single output .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the metadata for the xblock that is the given xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents action value from being automatically authorized auth .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  add   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and returns both the first module module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  context manager for users submits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  context   estimate
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns one constant of f and one constant value .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   checks
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract a single tabular sentence into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only escape the number of characters in a given string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return information for arp arp files .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  files   ip
truth:  null   a

test:  a version of iteration_statement when the file system is mounted .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send a brocade to a control volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  send   enable
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off :return: a string value representing the "restart events :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  the normalize-space function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   force
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  request   compare
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quotas belonging to a project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using linear pprint algorithm .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   a
truth:  optimized   null

test:  return an iterable value for the current function/method number in a string and values .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  runs features to pad server to stderr server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  establish   a
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms message to the list of sms objects are not sent with the given ensures the last month .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential function that returns a base string for a given exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a generator that returns buffer bytes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a python module if a string doesnt be installed under a message object .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   method
truth:  attach   null

test:  check the date and version information for the given year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  gets   api
truth:  update   version

test:  send paramiko account account .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering request section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  request   analyze
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses an exception that is capitalized by year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  null   translations
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls that are referenced in the constants .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   python
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  runs a command and return stdout for it .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find the custom timeout with page element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   null
truth:  click   click

test:  get the named snapshot associated with a given id .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  dont start with data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  -   -

test:  generator that returns the various connections as a string count .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate over the fields in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean indicating that a user is courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the current pdf of theano implementation the following implementation the current request object .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password with ldap ldap .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  compute entity entities from a protobuf .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  element-wise -> lower .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  do   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test elements of img-1194 for basic functionality .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the true/false string value to a boolean parameter stripping .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send wake identity .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  send   a
truth:  write   null

test:  write a directory to disk using a unquoting file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the counter from a specified demos .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  predefined   output
truth:  predefined   return

test:  remove the named grafana job from the minion name the name of the user to remove job to remove job .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the name of a module .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a list of author as a generator .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  given   null
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the given pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  instructs name for subprocess .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  name   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  computes the inverse of g .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract no settings should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  initialize   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the total cross entropy between the target and the output: expression .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic loss from each entry in c .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   step
truth:  computes   null

test:  all items in an object and creates the original order .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   values
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policies information from user by name .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a hook for functions that require potentially an error value .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  set   override
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  exclude any value in a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  set   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test ellipsis rendering a 'pygal-chart' option .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   classes

test:  gets the host name for a given network number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   command
truth:  set   set

test:  copy a list of figure in the associated image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  copy   versioning
truth:  generate   a

test:  split a string that has boto_kinesis .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string representation of markdown .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  receives -> str return the encoded source for the system .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   list
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the device size for a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether permission_code needs to log messages .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the typedparameter .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  traverse and returns a list of all the effective clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a numpy rng level of the same logic as seed .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  some n-bit inverse of a blackman-harris window .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  installing   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a url and return html .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop the default pattern .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  given   a

test:  host host and monitor the host into the host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a string like listing the given alias name .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  add a simple middleware result to the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  get the windows date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  get   request
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the transparency notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of a group only if the elements elements is to be the junos group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the regular expression buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  a helper method to generate an iterable of the context .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  null   error
truth:  generate   a

test:  return line replacement for case-insensitive the given readline .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  return   up
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with html leading lines replaced by a single block .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get a list of existing key with this is a string and not .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   item
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects image source files detects in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   prints
truth:  detects   faces

test:  return a list of visible identifiers .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current line number and an event .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  restful crud comments .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   function
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a node from node1 traversal of centers .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   execution
truth:  ignores   a

test:  create a trailing sampled job between leading and prefix using prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  import   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether d is a percent of values .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the given time in seconds .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  parses   modules
truth:  null   null

test:  save data to a given filepath .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  wait   generate
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns true if filename is a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  see   null

test:  agree log location to allow debug environment outside = pip .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  releases   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns mean of the mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get the bar bar positions with specified position in system positions .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  get   line
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the colorless output of no quotes within no one .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke requests access before seeding the task and kill any exceptions .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  review   null
truth:  revoke   task

test:  returns a dictionary of object difference between two given the dict and their original difference .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the server is ps using the python process .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  start   a

test:  load current user with the context for the user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   redirects
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the datastore has no threading error .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  test input table field_type extent .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  to   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse exe information and return a list of lowercase words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add a message to the namespace dict .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   columns
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return a depth-first for a given filename .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert the argument to an argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return a datetime string for a datetime .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  render an "inclusion snippet as you would see in a browsing display {% csrf_token %} .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  the {} that is compatible with the given path .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable that decides whether obj is a substring that can be published in inspect .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  function   method
truth:  given   a

test:  language: class is part of up separator to parse up with lines .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to message defaults in warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion order upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize the theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   parameters
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  provide the modules that the given path should be moved to the expected toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  module   return
truth:  return   return

test:  count the common labels for each line .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  count   count
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion embed section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  template   permissions
truth:  control   control

test:  the handlers between two string .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check the current user environment variable or password if none .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate html characters of a string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  url function for openstack search immediately .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  function   move
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json file cache .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  load the given csv data and read data .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  load   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  runs a command and only if it does not runs with the given subprocess .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  error\n'return a go string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  print   notification
truth:  return   a

test:  it should extract packages .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a controller .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  validate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the two dataset pairs into dict .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the list of message sizes for given instance .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return a row of the input array x is true .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard filter filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a line of the unique axis from a specific image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an object or a unicode equivalent bytes to the aws declare class that is suitable for django .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  translates   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the older name for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  return mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is set on base .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  return   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all permission requests associated with the given obj and user and user and assigns the result to a context variable .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  initialize a callback for an application .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  pyos_inputhook   find
truth:  like   like

test:  iteration_statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a simple way to check if the value is set to the dictionary .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   attempts
truth:  null   field

test:  read a buffer from file in buffer cases .
truth: return major . 
test:  read   view
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image from a given file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer contains allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the edit view view should be created .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only one or more in brackets .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  if file exists .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return information about git unit for a particular domain .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds a class that includes the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator function to check if the script script script is given .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  function   start
truth:  return   return

test:  set the user-specific api .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various mlp with given target .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  yield items from an items file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  return   one
truth:  generate   info

test:  get datasource attributes for a given tool .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ways the revision that is the location for the location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  given the system name .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper for the generating testing .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  null   =
truth:  hook   hook

test:  transforms geographic list to collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  split   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  check if this config files are written .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  store   container
truth:  if   checks

test:  temporarily change the theme css window .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of messages from the callbacks and extension directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  return   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  looks for the element in the nested tuple to see if they are found .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  look   extension
truth:  nested   get

test:  utility function for duplicate headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  function   headers
truth:  null   parser

test:  create unique groups in the dict containing pairs .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  map   map

test:  return true if value is a lock .
truth: lock file . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  file   file

test:  computes the token hash for an encrypted jwt to the given url and hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  normalize wcs dict for an alpine grid .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  normalize   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc file path from given toc name .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   logging
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the named user to prevent persist files that can modify persist before the user to modify persist files to true to prevent home directory to prevent all of the
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  translates a numeric string to human classic types .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  return   return

test:  composite two hash two sequences by a composite between two given arrays .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of all the values that are sorted .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean the default widget for a widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  clean   checks
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut for each configuration object into an object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   post
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the identifying floats between two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   compatibility
truth:  compute   compute

test:  verify the transport of a environments host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   in
truth:  verify   a

test:  get the widened loop through the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  move fixture to the python related precision .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  submit   shows
truth:  null   item

test:  waits until the function does not wait until a function returns true or timeout seconds .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  func   call
truth:  func   func

test:  get the default location .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   summary
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  return a validator that is an array of strings .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and are created on localhost or off .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in maintenance cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  add a port to the most recently v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes within this topic tree .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   socket
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate an image .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   points
truth:  points   points

test:  create a category of test separator .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the widened loops of the detected loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out any errors from a virtual machine .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   variables
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transform a python object into a dictionary .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture that returns a hookrecorder for every test function which are not yet .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  fixture   admin
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a tablespace from the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   inverse
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   counts
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the name of the service for the given service .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  display the given audio function .
truth: get streams . 
test:  display   checking
truth:  get   streams

test:  return tuple u .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system permission to be used .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return true if the variable is compatible with the same shape .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  get a boolean indicating whether or not the named tour is available .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   check

test:  compares the given distribution .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the url for the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of square functions and relative to the second kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   numbers

test:  fetch a room .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  sending   message

test:  returns a maxheap for remote values in the log .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the list of projects for this ec2 instance .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  retrieve   format
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a wildcard http url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  returns az specific variables .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  try to determine if the path is a device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a string is about to the list of dynamic keys in the list .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  apply   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  given a string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   options
truth:  boot   boot

test:  constructs the 'string'} graph that returns a 'string'} graph with a returned resource graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and automatically m in x_j at a in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  differentiate   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  create a mock rc .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  constructs   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return single document of a given document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  url   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if the given locale is an ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read the contents of hdf5 file and write the contents to a tree file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   strings
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a string contains the requirements definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   try
truth:  null   method

test:  creates a page from a problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  reports   one
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the directory from an html html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for each line in a mailcap file and there are optional .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where package should be a given path; it should be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the vector of the input polynomial in x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  returns   symbols
truth:  like   like

test:  get little endian days .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  finds the who-has for frac{1}{1 service .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a new existing organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an empty string that contains no tests .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds messages to the flash messages .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  multiplies   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  manage the name to the node-cfg dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  determines the constraint to be a constraint type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  correct   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  return the default zone name for a zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the distance between two elements of i .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert subscription into the --batch subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  build   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload june package .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a none as a simple ofs_nbits .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns a tuple of length 1 .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  list   variables
truth:  objects   objects

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return the file containing mongodb results in a dependency .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  source   source

test:  get the rank rank of the given distribution .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  try to search for suffix from {q to cause special configuration file .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  serialize a figure to the given figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window that return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a sequential fromty into an int value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the variable dimension of a tensor and the value with bind tensor .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  converts a string to a datetime object and returns it .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the download mode .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  null   a
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns the named named graph containing the node nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url corresponding to the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  is this a partial integer or lowest if further is present in seconds .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  converts   image
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  complete prefix for logging markers .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   lines
truth:  based   null

test:  a decorator that makes function accept a method refs .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  generate a document in the provided user .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  is   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the inputtogpuoptimizer identifying the same name is that the sanity optimization for the numerically that the gpu module are not operations .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to connect to a specific system by a specific host on a specific host cli example: .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  to the system roles which the host matches .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  lookup   bytes
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns true if all pairwise in the set .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simple view that parses the typeerror of a file and returns the appropriate url .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random inputs that perform one or more iterables .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   algorithm
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a instance in the instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tries to work out a new logical expansion of its parts .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  to   a
truth:  git   git

test:  creates or new year on a year is n operations .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  creates   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  given a module name operation on the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  if   a
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the value of memcache in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test that the tpot case works .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches this explicitly removes head from a list of remote branches .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for pip .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  leading   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  internal function to generate a django number of whitespace .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the singular number of a service .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remote a remote bazaar repository into a new directory this function returns the remote keyid .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  to   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  generate a new show quality and save rgb8 with a dataset_id quality .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  log   history

test:  the login for cleaning up network interface .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  like username .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  username   username
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular point in the x-axis distribution .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   points
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert obj to an axis .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  call :term:transient .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  compute the trimmed image using the top probability .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout and captured_stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reset the current audio time that is db in the epoch .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  called   null

test:  given a template name to a page that collects the absolute path to a page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  given   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event instance .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   function
truth:  injects   null

test:  test the no bundle can merge .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  test   null
truth:  missing   a

test:  overwrite a module .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  to   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has least access to this definitions as the permissions of a user .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  used   check
truth:  function   function

test:  an entry point for the mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  remove a path to the operating directory path .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create nested frames with a master and a master frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a function name for a specific callable .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  look   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  uses quota to convert image values into a quota .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  configures the gpu configuration information .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  loads   value
truth:  set   set

test:  if a word is a tuple .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  stacks   null
truth:  append   append

test:  view groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  set   event
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the arithmetic attribute for an iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  setuptools   chunks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we get the unsigned byte strings and return a host .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  are   system
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list for which the <filter> order e e .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string argument to a native string .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   dll

test:  get pillars output .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  loop   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  create a factory that ensures compatibility with the same predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  prefix   generate
truth:  filter   filter

test:  make sure the virtualbox app was no delimiter .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  whitespace   new
truth:  null   new

test:  m celsius for :func:idz_sfrm .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  generate unique email from site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a finite random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the current python backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   linear
truth:  backend   backend

test:  returns a list of all images of image images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  start a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  update   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in order to sort keys in ascending order .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  get   comparison

test:  find a country code for a specified number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of management ids for management profile .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   method
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a string in ascending order .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates a list of stuff that exist in a tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   get
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through zero .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda path in the given conda directory .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  supplied   null

test:  annotate quality comparison between nodes .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  code   method
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read the signature from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a daily with the given name .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an ssp operator .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   a
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  get the globally request request or query depending on the hidden presence .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  addresslistif activation function .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  bytestring an ecdsa rendering in the given context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the pair of length n .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  is   compute
truth:  get   a

test:  private method for creating a list of files .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  cluster cluster is a list of integers sorted by their sizes .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  a convenience function to check if we have a numpy dtype that we will query can np .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  null   variant

test:  gets wrapper around filled in video .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  null   language
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test tempdir .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   cleanup
truth:  if   test

test:  set the modules to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of projects for the specified vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a datetime object using the integer it is an integer representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update a pair of today values based on settings and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test eip lookup addresses .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   test
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository given a host .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections of an second loop into x .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  ensures that the output contains a target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  terminate   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  run a url with the mysql server .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  run   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace one or more dictionaries with a bad encoding .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  replace   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  return true if name is a subprocess .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  resolved   contacts
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uses the app from a single search string .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  performs   point
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract the given key from an resolved 5-tuple list of know in tuple .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of bsgs numbers from a orbit .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to etreefor and returns a newly object from an a string .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of paths of the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the file is a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of bookmark objects and bookmarks from a file with passed tags .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the container that matches the given image .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  converts a string for a given production or leaf .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define an entry in a seperated compatible dict .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  iterate   api
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema for a schema whose keys are namespace prefixes and values are namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the given datetime that can be updated with an experiment token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  default for various types .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  wait   set
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library discover media library list .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  merge up source files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return the dependencies and project .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the circle intersection loop from the intersection loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the given string to hex escape characters .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon a smtp test to marathon docker points to health points .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  used for validate_user_access_to_subscribers .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  rc4   null
truth:  provide   information

test:  check that bulk can be sharedobject onto a particular course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  function   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return the directory containing absolute path to resource variable .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  return internal reprs string from a file object as a byte string .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns goal(s) for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  return   a

test:  searches the path for the specified command and optional symlink .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   runs
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the name of code in the given module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  place the interact and write their dialogs order to the user .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   replacement
truth:  display   a

test:  check the server or not present .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  check   a
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  return a first dir matching the given directory in the given dir and returns a list of directories :type prefix: str .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  gets the entity to a given property .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  gets   config
truth:  go   null

test:  construct a testcase to pass the flocker_volume_options area of yaml objects stored .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  warnings   override
truth:  create   a

test:  is this a blank request an empty body page .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set path for log messages .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   add
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the connection to the current thread patch .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  create a base cipher object with the given state .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors in x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats msg which are stored in format_html .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks to see if the file already exists .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add metadata to json dataset .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a full blob as a full index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into the tree_subset: mode .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   n
truth:  embed   album

test:  determine the name of the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n x n of the smallest iterable .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules for a list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   validation
truth:  using   null

test:  computes unique trapezoid .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  multivariate   test
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a + b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a leading number of base base base base base characters .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a given filename .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a graph into a canonical token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets list returns a dictionary describing any failures information about the named targets describing the target .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  an absolute url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  builds   url
truth:  build   build

test:  return an allocated vnc ports for use in vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like |safe but captures none values .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  like   a
truth:  check   check

test:  the entry point .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  initialize   null

test:  searches the currently installed stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  selects the resource agent for configuration purposes .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  performs message in an observers message if available .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  looks   api
truth:  solves   problem

test:  generate a task to a given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | string .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an selinux list to a list of lists .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   items
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  do the given resource to the specified resource api request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  do   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select the service from the service catalog for services .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read xread contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  allow translations to be returned in separate translation for a given translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the config config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   users

test:  check if a entry type is invalid .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  check   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the first iterable into an iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  execute   something

test:  akaike regression function .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a unicode text .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a treewalker representation of the tree in given class for various types .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  converts newlines to string .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address for an address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a qurl indicating whether a given url is an ip .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer represented as a big-endian string to an integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get the value of a round round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace rows by rows and updates the desired row with an existing field .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  to   function

test:  create an empty media library for a certain media library service .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name and return the text access to the given string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  transform   transform

test:  get the gluster version of the gluster web augeas .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  find   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  pretty print dictionary of rows to a list of rows .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  null   dict

test:  generate importing linear vectors .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  generate   algorithm
truth:  -   -

test:  given a list of files .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  remove   format
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email using sha-256 .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  sends   html
truth:  email   email

test:  show the most likely date in the given datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  insert   in
truth:  is   null

test:  a validating test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   selinux
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  transform   work
truth:  load   load

test:  find the cubic response for an expression .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  find   linear
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a list of zookeeper file value .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   gcd
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node n in g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test amplitude variance for fixed constraints .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  guess the elements of a set .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  given   code
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the string is errors or not .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a string is a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  value   a
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a message to the registration_id functionality for a user .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return an email with due to the desired email .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  calculate the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current cache date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if a function has the same clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  if   decoraotr
truth:  raise   null

test:  tests whether there is an infinite line in the same order .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this will build a student to generate a given course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for our holiday holiday falls on saturday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an polynomial sepreated .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generates the results of the querying user for the querying api args: filename: : a credentials from .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that changes the stdout on a with block .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  return   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a dictionary that is the instance of an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arraylike / arraylike / arraylike / arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that appbundle is running as a running host .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute prlsrvctl prlsrvctl cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   names
truth:  execute   a

test:  create a new clip local domain object .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  create   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   traffic
truth:  get   get

test:  check a a script into the main app and turns them into the console code .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  display   a
truth:  construct   new

test:  saves the current line containing the given path to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the table of the given instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  returns   rgb
truth:  xml   xml

test:  query[ tell in config .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  assign   generate
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll listening processes within timeout seconds .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   call
truth:  wait   up

test:  add the schema in the set of dependent cache .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  register   validation
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to build a list of nova users .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete elasticsearch tokens from given host .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  does   content
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if json was installed via macports config file .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  check if an instance is a local instance across a new instance .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the componentdisabledatrequestfrom component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  return true if the given name is subclass of the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin allows you to put cleanup to perform a build step with the equivalent of the awesome in the awesome build .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rewrite the version of a version to the cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrates   letter
truth:  if   null

test:  performs a controller on the given controller and returns the message as a dict .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  performs   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger and get the path and logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  installs the oracle for a given site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  installs   prints
truth:  require   null

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the package cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  dump the 'sdb polygon by length .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  fake   country
truth:  null   pretty

test:  compute post from source to source on nodes in a weighted graph g .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  changes   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  returns a best best source source object .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  rectified   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  create a static instance of the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   show
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic directional movement index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the branch setting for a particular branch or the request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume advance the iterator 0 .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a boolean .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks whether it is free and an array of characters .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  checks   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking return a tensor .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   try
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse text documents .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check if a process name is running in the process of a filesystem .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns a storage object .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the package provided by the given service provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap the absolute path as a package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a function as a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  run   bind
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header with the content type and the options: header .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  returns   mnist
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a string containing a sort query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find a project in the given filename .
truth: test if . 
test:  find   strip
truth:  if   test

test:  return the site-packages totals by an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  add   a

test:  expand the object into the first setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  neighbor discovery neuralnet for internalerror .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the navigation etry if it exists .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  macro modified instance for django objects .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   update
truth:  modified   sets

test:  print a snmp command in a buffer .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  print   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gets an xml stanza stanza for a iterable of iterable definitions .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a list for the given files inside the given path .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   output
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find all files in the directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  null   module
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the first item of a list .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  python implementation of the python .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  settings   response
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert n escape sequences into group of range(n) width notation .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  converted   format
truth:  format   format

test:  return a dict with write options converted to a single space .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket instance by navigating and shutdown connection .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  null   function
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on a service instance .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the line that raised in advanced .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a function used as a new-style server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the completeness and completeness from the function scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : lpar | definition_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a given comment tested against: * mssql * mysql the file path to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  get matrixsvg by radians .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   path

test:  compute a string in milliseconds since the epoch to save in milliseconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  compute   service
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all the available worker .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  like path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   null
truth:  order   order

test:  check for a vector is positive-definite and positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  work directory .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  model   add
truth:  server   server

test:  return the first whitespace matching the first summed .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  return   test
truth:  find   image

test:  given a chain of the nearest matrix .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  return an html text for the flash infinite and throws an error if it is already been posted been posted .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  check   return
truth:  create   a

test:  verifies that the command output is currently cued .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email when a confirmation email address is not set .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   email
truth:  send   send

test:  add the supplied argument to the argparse .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns the best match between 0 and height composite .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  try to bypass a proxy environment and environment vars .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   requests
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads the images in numpy .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  load a private file name from matlab file .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  load   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the templates to which templates are association in specified loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the entrypoint object .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the given prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return response information on the response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified activity activity .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  if an http otp for the request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base class corresponding to the given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the rpm on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   network
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all of the aws flags from a future examples .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the object is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   return

test:  in 0 if found inside a directory .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   export
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of columns where *x* and the outputs are sorted .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a repositorynotfound works on skycoord works .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a value for the value of a given argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  load a result of the same behavior to glance .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  load   transform
truth:  caching   null

test:  utility function to get a list of paths in u'@' .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  function   modules
truth:  display   display

test:  return the core filenames for the project .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a json formatted string of an amount of items .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  check to see if the value is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   authorization

test:  vector norm of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  array   activation
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  open in a neural for ipythons and return a dict that were not numeric .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  open   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a header for a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  parse the server/portal flag and return the commands .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   restart
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return text for the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the tar version of currently installed version as a tuple of -v .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract an option value from a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  extract   str
truth:  given   a

test:  read a sol stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  try to convert a time string to time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  rfc   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : step expr | list of ruleitem | right newline | right | right newline | prec .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset a development module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return a wsgi host for the given wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   chop
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to generate a random string .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  require   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install new package information .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an appropriate one .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decrypt a string using the private key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a unauthorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reverse a random integer name .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  a file descriptors to list a read in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  list   a
truth:  file   file

test:  rubbish a string .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  algorithm   commands
truth:  show   parameters

test:  wraps multiple choice functions .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a string to a binary stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   networkx
truth:  write   null

test:  split an given string into lines in each equivalent indexer .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  split   boolean
truth:  find   find

test:  generate milliseconds looking at text between two strings .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the given image name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for the given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if the compiler from the file and return dates .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from the given filename and return it .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator for dropping files take into active nested files and run pre-weight .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  loads the entire folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  loads   try
truth:  to   try

test:  return a friendly warning with a uri .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  remove explicit users in a dictionary .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extract value of the given fields from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  value   value

test:  check the the samples given image .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return the number of groups a user is subscribed to a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  check data in mid-steps .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given the event in an exception .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  given   event
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the facet titles is enabled .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  if   method
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  return the name of a section in the section of a section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates method name .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for classes into the decorated function .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the process has an a6 exits .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generates a random logic from being used as labels .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a name of the state database .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket instance .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  check against integrate test .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  all names of a neighbor operator .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the list .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path into two avatar objects .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  split   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level flattened and high .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove all public keys .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the string s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dot -> int rounds a level row .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   sqlobjects
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of pcount groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password uri .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a date to a date format .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  runs options then run tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  run   unit

test:  return the most qualified name for platform .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get source object vertexes from object_id .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator to generate explicit lists of a distances in a breadth-first node .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  traverse   a

test:  renders markdown text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  escaped   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  return the series list of newline itself .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  return   module
truth:  enforce   a

test:  display a string *s* .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  display   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts value into a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  value   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute chi-squared functions .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test installing a broken after a package with broken or .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  open a csv file on a file in a file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  open   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that distances are not expected from a scipy with a scipy window .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  apply   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output of unicode characters can be converted to unicode .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  create an interval matrix .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  construct the amqp mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  square   compensation
truth:  support   support

test:  concatenate an array into an array of arrays along a .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a unicode string from the client .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of all connections for this sender of the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a guiprocess class .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the maximum of subtracting .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dont try to drop markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  render   render

test:  if any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the negative operation from multiple operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   dict
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  launch propagation scheduler .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  add the current directory and all as a dict whose content is loaded .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  logs a proxy .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  support   configures
truth:  enables   null

test:  reads a dict and values to filter values .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test interpolation of bad 1234k .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  purges   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a slice .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  from a list of grouping trees .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   test
truth:  output   output

test:  gets the specified binary string .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  to   shortcut
truth:  run   run

test:  find auto increment fields .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the label: style block data to multiple data stuff until they are in cross .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  format an epoch style by a string .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature parameter for operating parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the diff id to factor by factor .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a uniform distribution filled with ones drawn from an array of integers .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if no url is enabled .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  plot html .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  plot   directory
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the local tests file and return the contents of the script .
truth: return test data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  test   test

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for the given resource and resource .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  set   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a switchport object - enabled by a user .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a single mode string using a given encoding .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  returns the standard deviation from standard samples .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  print out a cursor .
truth: list own . 
test:  print   run
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes duplicates from text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  replace   polynomial
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  helper function for standard deviation from standard patterns cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  function   function

test:  set the attributes of an group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a given distributed server for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  load   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add blank ]e between two strings .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   add

test:  creates and returns the nltk object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   checks
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  a signal handler for the url-decode .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  null   network
truth:  function   function

test:  dynamic sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  sampling   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reads a movie from a file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  reads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  get the name of the package database .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands stripped .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote double string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   add
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the zpool file .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for naptr methods that differ from an action .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   call
truth:  release   release

test:  return the authentication form of the given user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an iis services .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   dummy
truth:  source   source

test:  return information about the openerp version of this python process .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a python response body .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  generate   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be uninstalled .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   check
truth:  require   a

test:  get the zone to use in key exchange .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unpack a percentage for a decoder for a fixed-width bytes .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  to   example
truth:  returns   a

test:  return bytes in bytes based on the file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  bytes   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the cors is found .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  if   check

test:  an image to insert an rgb table .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   script

test:  returns the configuration value of a single global configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random random length for externally authenticated user .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  "identity" '%tcp requests to convert ports into pinging lists of '%tcp .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  submits   ndarray
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  multi-dimensional binary structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  is   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the text index note: the process starts with index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary that can be used as a valid word or not .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  does this contain a channel formatted string .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of the field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  signal handler for flash using flash .
truth: index handler . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make sure a function gets called in a switches .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  a decorator that adds cached size of a function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  a current slashes .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  null   try
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge a new dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if user exists return if the tenant or if one doesnt exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test the guiprocess guiprocess when a guiprocess a guiprocess is emitted .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   count
truth:  test   test

test:  require a command line interface .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return string value which represents a json object .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  return   value
truth:  null   method

test:  list the policies for the given principal name cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   rest
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a given descriptor to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a dictionary of names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   get
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  there is no precision to be returned by the target file .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  search   instances
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the threadstate function .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  return   sigmoid
truth:  running   in

test:  check if a line is a regex file or contains a list of ports returns true if the name is found in the following name :type prefix: this string .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  open   generic
truth:  if   check

test:  return system information about ipython and the python version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of primary factory method .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing and ciphering request section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  serialize   one
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic the cubic date given an smtp thing and returns the cubic roots .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   a

test:  make a function type comapare of a string .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the bracket .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run a list of files within the abort directory .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export data to csv table .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  pivot   export
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the schedule mode is enabled in the minion cli example: .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   a

test:  install a postgresql comment by presence an existing comment .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   call
truth:  install   a

test:  start a report in the current machine .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   information

test:  get a cluster by name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  a function which removes a string from a given iterable of strings and sorts .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a test to alphabet: the given parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset loops from the loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is equal to an existing file .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   join
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the signal to processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  read the git contents into the current position .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  loads   generate
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the ssh ssh gateway to use .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  ssh   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the figure that is passed to the make this function .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a tuple of the same redis as segment .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs hypothetical .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the path to the tex field arguments: document -- the document as a string using the tex root as a geometry object .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided representation of the catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  reads a certificate request to rather than a min/max center .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  import   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that line is using the beginning of line .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and a signed structure using the signed unicode sha .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list for a certain user instance .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  value   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the persist module names on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the temporary directory gets created correctly between actually properly .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   xlwt
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to mark a method on api .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate the given privileges .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates variables from a report and returns a dict .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  generates   wrapper
truth:  outputs   a

test:  returns the job with the status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a test for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create sigmoid sigmoid dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait -> str support for a process poll .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  destroy   interface
truth:  null   helper

test:  simple deprecated filter to search for documentation .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the time string and returns the rfc1123 date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  get   strip
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 if k is true .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  log an image from a repository to a python identifier directory .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  validate   tag
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  attempt to abs) split and attempt into buf[line][ .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  iterates   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return link with url download page .
truth: process one link . 
test:  return   file
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-commit(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the current in-memory list of git opts any additional options to add to cli example:
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the app alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  gets   shows
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using satisfied using satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that passing input cases cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the given header is an http/1 .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the python method type(s) to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the histogram of a given image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper for checking for a block of alignment lines and end up to be a string .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   position
truth:  function   function

test:  test url to be used for a remote host .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  url   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resolve the regular expression and returns the corresponding iis record for cache location of either on .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show the same hint as height .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   message

test:  retrieve response body for the client .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  access   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a pickleable structure containing stt .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parameters master : master to revs returns master : result of one or patches object .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   patches
truth:  null   group

test:  merge dictionary d1 into a new .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that nice time-staggered works .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   fetch
truth:  test   test

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   kill
truth:  do   null

test:  return a basic auth handler .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  return   chart
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds to the proj plot and returns a plot for each folder_id without entering the user .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  to   a
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the cached state when they were run under a particular problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   permission
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the path to the display cache directory to use for the user cache files .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if a directory in a subjects mri directory to be zero in a subjects mri subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  username   check
truth:  check   check

test:  select a hash value for the given value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  split specific helper function for computing the remotes token .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  filter out the import .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  filter   time
truth:  import   import

test:  returns a function that ignores the same manager .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  return a tuple containing the device names .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string in the given port number to the dictionary .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  int   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that a value is enabled for the coordinates specified .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  require   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server on it .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  test stats of the stats for the configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator to call a string-esque type with a string-esque type that is a unicode argument passed in a string-esque < 0 .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete dtype is include an array of discrete values passed in .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the information for dbus locale settings .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  use   use

test:  casts a casts to the specified type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   cast_expression
truth:  determines   null

test:  return the class corresponding to the nearest class of a class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  parses the difference between the source files found in the given source file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test bem creation creation from python with bem solution .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  a decorator that ignores the domain object from function f .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a function object for the given datastore .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test default validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   cert
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a string or a log entry to a log entry .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  null   url
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all installed command names .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  constructs the given data raw hash file .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does x contain an exponential function .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  extract   elementwise
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multivariate   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively rename a path to a directory if it does not exist .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  rename   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks that actual dna characters also flags as errors unless one is valid @rtype: machine and the list of errors unless flags as errors are valid .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield all items in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view that asserts that the user of an account .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert string field to unit spec .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  warnings   reverse
truth:  time   time

test:  set callbacks and dimensions to active decoded format .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  require an arch linux package to work version of a given package .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for the hosts that should be accessible .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  generate   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a child pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   source
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to encode and return the contents of a text string as a relative url .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  to   return
truth:  object   object

test:  determine whether the code should be referenced :arg tabs .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  code   state
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize relevant shared variables .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  dataset   dictionary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   dhcp
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  deprecated during the given date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  fake   correlation
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a state for state loop and gets a state for state to control points .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  connect a list of urls that are regex that are regex in the mapping section .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the specified master connection is password from the local host on .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  choose   master
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to a campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  store loop and store the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  round   details
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until share function returns true or sleep until sleep expires .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns ansi escape style and query string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a method that outputs the docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   get
truth:  load   a

test:  make the result metadata .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find metadata in s3 .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   failure
truth:  looks   null

test:  create a filehandle if its filenames .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  create   clone
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  the function can view a python node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct dialect-specific url of the sqlite url .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  string   call
truth:  call   call

test:  the sequence as a 5-tuple .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  calculates   date
truth:  if   return

test:  fixture to execute output of output channels .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  to   details
truth:  null   utility

test:  always exit the color signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  use   back
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all of the @interruptable executes command line .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules into info this minion cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  mark a task as a task to be handled on this machine .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  attempts to convert a string to unicode for use in a given applescript .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  to   like
truth:  convert   a

test:  save the distance for the cluster .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  convert a string to the given format date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  convert   passwords
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exceptions for sys .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   code
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks the nested changes the changes from changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  get   get
truth:  format   format

test:  parse one event containing .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the steps from a single doctest .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  open the local matrix given by seqs_fp .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  open   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test to ensure we can actually try to work if a string .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a single versioned document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set common config if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts updated facts returns: dict: the normalized facts dict updated with example: .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   loading
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check if a given pid is running according to the current pid .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  use   os

test:  search for the current session .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   text
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing html should only replace matching columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if the user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format the size in bytes to a human readable format .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a dictionary of all existing filenames .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for [function_names]} there is a method with a sample name .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  create a otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  create   copy
truth:  opens   null

test:  a contextmanager to create a resource and execute it .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a recursive module description of the operating system description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager for the exceptions that raise a wrapper on the given target troubleshooting if the target cannot not provided .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this should be used to access an access to the client functions that gets moved to the client .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypt the message with the keys .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a pyramid configuration of the specified users data .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  regression test for bug on parameters g : float32 results of synthetic 3 .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  when a translation unit flag is first cache .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  null   update
truth:  related   update

test:  when an http application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update base proxy .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : declaration_specifiers init_declarator_list .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return the transfer level string for a host:port level -- children .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   render
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an ordered subclass .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   student
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that duplicate style interface with rdp tries to work out what state api calls .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run the provided command containing a remote host .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   a

test:  get a list of user_partitions ids in this regions region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free [k in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  simple subsystem view to return pip version using sys .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  determine   list
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the version of children .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a human-readable learner type .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a function to be used in renders it .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute an undirected array of sparsevariable .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test running module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prints header information .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   mne
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the ignored button of the given requested config configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert something to a string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  create   python
truth:  is   null

test:  executes the cli command with the given arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  is   return
truth:  specified   null

test:  read a propertygroup .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  read   read
truth:  look   null

test:  quote / characters as whitespace in a quoted that can be escaped to previously were escaped by a quoted .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the inverse density that contain the specified inverse distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to check a safe repr of an object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  fake   str
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  runs the command line interface from the command line .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the string value from the given node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transposition for an release group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   releases
truth:  returns   a

test:  return top level statistics of a broadcasting array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  configured   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return home documentlistfeed for the given bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the custom app artists .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  defines   paths
truth:  find   find

test:  compute square-free pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns an iterator over all aggregated and the given sequence .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the version between epoch and compare epoch .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and 2 coefficients of an array |env| at the given axis .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return the timeseries and values from an item in which the form query parameters .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  converts str into tuple .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  import   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return the number of decimal formatting patterns used by the locale to separate pokemonform .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all tags from resource by name .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert transform of channels .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   size
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  returns the ith rational is a given set of strings .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  thrift a examples:: that can take a string and return a gap generated by the offsets .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  count   a
truth:  read   data

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: always load . 
test:  null   return
truth:  load   load

test:  adds a unique id to the provided uuid .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new instance access record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   volume
truth:  create   a

test:  validate the given label .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set new audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  selects   null

test:  install a pip requirements for a given requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  install   a
truth:  make   null

test:  convert string to binary string or bytes .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  display a project files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  display   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   checks
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a string value to a bytestring .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the list of cflags in the domain .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  display   null
truth:  return   return

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  returns valid serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  testing method for the application .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  testing   method
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information for a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  tests the given theano search graph a un-named graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  requests   program
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the text representation of text in the given text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the transform of the input data .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  computes   null

test:  makes a list from a certificate files .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   python
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if the given node node is a next node .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a thing start then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a metadef filters .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show useful event .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  prepare   event
truth:  fake   fake

test:  determines the path to use for current_template_name .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  calls x .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  prefixes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the main simplex of all the argparse kind .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of regions .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes the request for the google cloud storage api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  create an entry under the database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a content in the test based on the clients defined by prefix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  configures logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  make   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   back
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   number
truth:  context   context

test:  returns true if the given model is an entity model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the contents of the command line containing the specified package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   return

test:  this function computes the text that was detected in a with the detected standard output .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  default   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  runs the vm with the task with the specified name .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  null   reference
truth:  null   a

test:  render html key .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  search   html
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a k[x] file for a node .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value is farther from the series moments in the series is farther standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the series greater than
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the translation name for the process .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  return   language
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  displays a file and encoding .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  record   file
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  a version of object and string .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a comment by type .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   entry
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  view all the documents in a document search .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  return a list of supported volume codes .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that utf16-be works for certificate sizes are missing .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   test

test:  find submodules for all modules that are in root directory .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  is   null
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  used to track the tables from the development library .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  reverse   titles
truth:  rows   rows

test:  get the string contained in the file named filename and extension .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  get   filename
truth:  reads   null

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  when a text is enabled .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  null   report
truth:  renders   html

test:  generates a function that returns a module with the given name .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  were   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  read a built-in number of ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a base file of a graph g .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling implementation for bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  check for an ipv4 number of x**m .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds an openid model templates: between the preselected templates: .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp publish trend reports with the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert seconds into filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  retrieve   np
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  provide display .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  obtain   worker
truth:  set   set

test:  encode js code for the given designated .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  encode   json
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find the right probability space from inputs with default values first .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a string of given pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  return   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  given   gaussian
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup tests .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  tests   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw program with the median set .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  on pip only pip .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  return the current notes name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the query frames for the current user and query private key .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  query   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  return current status .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometryoutput geometry output by the attributes .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return the query parameters for the last slugquery sequences .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   get
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns mean of how to choose which user belongs to end of the image points .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  mean   improvement
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials vector to a file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   bem
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  y-axis -> entry of time a test .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  time   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test 'info keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  find average loss coordinates .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  remove all admin source files .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  remove   task
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  delete a table .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   quotes
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the progress information for a progress execution .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message into native qos data .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folder spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  checks if the file system on the system <minor> <minor> has any errors .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return information about the requested users play h5py cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  upload the image into the instance .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   add
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the square root of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended assignment section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find a given optimal chunks for associated dataset this function returns false .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test interpolate validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  choose   enum
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  return the file descriptor of the current box .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   f
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a full path list to a resource .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string and then normalize the resulting expression .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary of all items in a which are not in b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  diff   intersection
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a draft to .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create an feed link for each feed url .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   objects
truth:  creates   a

test:  add data values to www-authenticate lists .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  temporarily dict: the standard subdirectories of a given python object .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  dumps   pair
truth:  yield   null

test:  calculate the steps matrix es2 .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects of wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the version tuple as a string from the python tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert to rgb color space conversion .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  embed a list of string elements of list unique types .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sudo -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered modules to the given module .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized querydict object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  convert option to default value .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  convert   callback
truth:  is   null

test:  runs csf from csf cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   bottom
truth:  restart   csf

test:  returns email address from user or place .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  email   files
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the sample inputs for a metric of assigning .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this test a cross function took a task with a time .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the chosen support from strings as returned by the given json or redirects .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns an random port on the open port and port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  redirects to /{{=request .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  null   in
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from the file named by filename .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of all the pids of an unknown path .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the vdi record between two arguments and vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate the travel code and generate a digest[pos bit token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  turn a list of lists into one .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the user uri for the given user .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   one

test:  create and return a new in-memory transport hooked up to the given host and transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  recursively convert an iterable to a list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  nested   returns
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the header(s) with packages when direction is installed .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  check if version is installed and the os .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replace the string *s* .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  is   req
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove the color link from a remote graph .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  when - check for checks that neutron .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this queue and the pending id .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  write the metadata data to a python file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  write   file
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace double quotes with whitespace in between two spaces with whitespace .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   s
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this is an arbitrary 74 cant write machinery to the tight_layout cant need to restore conditions .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  is   confirmation
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of command arguments for sys_v style inits .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  list   list

test:  escape text for adding some markup to unix potentially unsafe .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  text   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of escape with auto-escaping .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  host   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the smtp setting for the smtp --help .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all importable .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  called   contents
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a datetime for the specified user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  generate   award
truth:  take   action

test:  format all indentation of files .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   indent
truth:  return   a

test:  username for a user raised .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   email
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string value corresponding to an boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  take   values
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a pointer string for a directory path .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the active server reviewer for the account reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the value is unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parse the empty string to be no newline found in a manner .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   class

test:  return a new frequency state .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  returns   dataset
truth:  m   m

test:  returns true if the user is found in this process .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the name of the current machine .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  list wiki documents tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  project   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return the default gateway for two datasets - adds one is active in the order of the users gateway .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last line in generic transaction owns this line is composed of every line containing those used for sm and the last whitespace .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   null

test:  [2] activation function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   fraction
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns translation for source .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dictionary representing the prior and the given prior to bson .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a year .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   datetime
truth:  given   a

test:  checks the value for the right type and of type values .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return u'parser and put jobs .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return an iterator of registry keys on the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  turns   windows
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the email information for this auth .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  to   checks

test:  get instances for a u'md .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  robust interpolates for an undirected of certificate .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  multivariate   variant
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an axfr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  main entry point for a file .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  given a python is a fake test .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the index are equal and right events are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gnu text file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comments are not changed .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator that allows a function or check class that it is not wrapped from the decorated function .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  return the current list .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return the current 'password' connection .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  convert html parser for the provided user parser api .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  prop check to see if refname[i is a string .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  finds   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  matches an http or a matches the same name and returns the corresponding http text .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  inline   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the location of the file that was uploaded .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  evaluates the given server by an sni-enabled server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  evaluates   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main function to mock json file .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  remove the specified milestones references from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   reverse
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the organization organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  test   run
truth:  null   null

test:  return the platform that the named version of this application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  finds and returns the data for a package in which the given module is located .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a container from an openstack container cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  destroy   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a count of indices indices into common selection .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  env an data structure .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length of the string .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  adds a user object the system given user_id .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string in a1 notation to a a1 string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a 32-bit time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   wrapper
truth:  read   a

test:  return details of the employee date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the aws layer for this thread .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if templates is download or can be found .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an instance of the specified profile .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  yield a file-like object from iterable docs on a list of documents .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  format   like
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns a hash of the concatenation of a given revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  creates a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  indent json graph g with the jit jit service .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  indent   json
truth:  return   data

test:  wraps mapreduce in function where api is a json resource is raised .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  render an active message .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  render   logs
truth:  renders   null

test:  add a user to an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   users
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  given a mode string .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  save   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  get a filter object and create an identifier with the message info in them .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   python

test:  parse a status message and produce our instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  null   instance

test:  sort a lexer for a plugin .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  sort   find
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images into one to y .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  combine   im1
truth:  blend   blend

test:  this is a helper function for the unix argument .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a query to json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  rolls   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that the same as ofp .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  test   output
truth:  assert   assert

test:  prints a single file or try to be considered using deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  authenticate against the required certificate if ssl certificate is available .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename all of the volumes each of the given graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  pass   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object for the given value .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  adds a section to the section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  adds   =
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the id from the token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  configs   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  return whether the specified signature is maximum of the specified user; .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the nearest gid .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  signup an http user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  prompts   users
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a databases from its name database white client: connect to the database database white ssh parameter is a database query the full cursor usage code .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   a

test:  add the inner xml tag and end of the inner text if any .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all languages in system .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for running a function to see unless a function is true .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the connection information into the database .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  combine a dict and a dictionary of d values .
truth: from url . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the plural characters .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   usage
truth:  get   get

test:  parses the yarn data format for the yarn autoescaping information .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  add the environment variable for the given path .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  testing   get
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags and their tags .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   key
truth:  list   tags

test:  check if a decoder is installed .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  if   checks

test:  find the differences between two xml files .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  find   error
truth:  check   correctness

test:  transform used to convert used in namedtuple to a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  transform   percentage
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  generate a list of codons .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  setup   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return a datetime .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if a vowels syllable is a vowels syllable .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test source inverse computation in source times .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  run a string .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  run   a
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the rms norm of *a* in the vectors .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   fft
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorator for rruleset functions .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  function   method
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume type as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  test whether url is a filesystem .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests whether we should work with a constant .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  tests   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  create flowgrams from a cluster .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  check to redirect a desired url .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  to   function
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max padding layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   schedules
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open a random string using the supplied set and access in random data .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their information .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume id .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the connection to the specified heappush .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes string to binary string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix a security matrix name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   rgb
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the user users disk value from a list of users users disk to remove any number of users disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the value of a matrix in timestamps order .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   return
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate the mime content of responses for either a message rather than 1 .
truth: convert response . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  test a cprofile with the given var(p) coordinates .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a new graph of llvmlite layout and contains a given github node from github systems .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   node

test:  the constructor will grab a release with a release release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test that mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the path to the filesystem for this given path .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate value with a value of the given document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically return none if the host is not being unavailable .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  generate   network
truth:  null   network

test:  generate a active window .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  sets the name as a warning for a particular name .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media descriptor object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the pip command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator to check if path is present in the git directory .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rights of the collection with the given rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  if   checks

test:  reload the modules .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  decorate a function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print an xml string to stdout .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   print
truth:  dump   null

test:  return a list of an attachment object and creates a date .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  decorator factory to convert a numpy dtype into a numpy dtype .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  add bottom points to the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return an item in the configuration file .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   a

test:  get text colors for the same kind of ansi kind and colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   maps
truth:  add   syntax

test:  check if the boolean < samples .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to save data for computing the config file .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a numpy integer to amount of bytes .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  expression to update varnishadm .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  null   list
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone of a given timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for functions .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  get a user based on its username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   user

test:  log phred quality between files and offset quality .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   illumina
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from the string with any given character .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert constant and constant and returns the original matrix .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  provide   dask
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that returns an empty response as a json-encoded string .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   djangos
truth:  view   view

test:  is this a class cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  save the icinga2 domain to the icinga2 icinga2 cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   master
truth:  save   null

test:  get the smallest type of a given *loop* .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  if values of the user multiplicities into the request then g = author .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  install   media
truth:  to   try

test:  helper that transparently returns json object from bom returning a dict of json objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a list of summary of a collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  gets   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  convert old-style to the value of the model .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  convert   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given list into a new list .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a list of absolute absolute document .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  select   function
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change code to display indentation level .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  code   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds a traffic server nodes in the traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  execute   timeseries
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic wrapper .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  call   use
truth:  null   generic

test:  get the default list matrix .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a c{bytes} is valid .
truth: object factory . 
test:  calculate   strings
truth:  object   factory

test:  return a dictionary containing the cached data from the cloud profile .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  games returns a list of all the games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg function .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a whether the given value can be passed to a positional arguments .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  list all users on the host system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add an faces to the face element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make sure the given object is unicode .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import modules in module format from summary of the module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a service is enabled by the glob name .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   a

test:  verifies that a certificate store from store store the given store name the certificate store store store the certificate store to remove from infoblox_user .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  get   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  logging in security_monkey .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for the given string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process the results of a file into singular/eigen .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  process   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot product of a list of integers .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escapes string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  prefix the pprint .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  copies   script
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  receives a slice .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a given stream to reach a client stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  like markdown but returns a string .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  like   attributes
truth:  escapes   null

test:  replace image to 6 have the same length as they are zero and contained within the outputs .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy an element or more than the text .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  wrap   wrapper
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warnings that have an warnings .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  test if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the list to the data directory .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add arma for all arma .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  computes   audit_event_log_dir
truth:  get   get

test:  return a system length of the watchers .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the installed models for all models in the database graph .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  list   desktop
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  gets the full plugin for the given plugin in the directory structure .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  interpret   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string in list to an articles .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  update an existing discovery service and return a list of discovery .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  return the name corresponding to the specified refif reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  return   find
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry tasks specified by cls and return documents .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   validate
truth:  documents   documents

test:  get album by musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display the user identified by a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  display   checking
truth:  ask   user

test:  get the directory info of the given path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  disable logger of given loggers via disables and loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a random user by n .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for the log of a volume .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for probability fasta ids into one fasta fasta filepath .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  tests that we can load a few json message on a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  tests   format
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object corresponding to the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this method drops the index definition to the table of ha1} columns .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  indexes   indexes
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo alarm sensor .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  see prevents .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  rewrite   test
truth:  null   handler

test:  clear the xmodule used for the current thread .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture providing a thenewattribute object .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform a digital filter design .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  filter   replaces
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  decorator to register a class and a profiler trace from the extra_data .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  is there an executable in the specified follow file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  target_expressing the callable .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  return the then if extensions are found under the given nats .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   include
truth:  null   null

test:  structurize until the reader just a record value is read .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   embl
truth:  breaks   up

test:  sets the number of rules used for the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  serialize a string for python 2 on python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  coerce   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of api and all api names .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  send   working
truth:  access   access

test:  returns a system metadata .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  extend   shows
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as excluded but returns lists of length n .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in path .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove all function names from the call .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an series of series .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   images
truth:  change   change

test:  only for macos with thesoftwareupdatemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  modulo : minpoly(add parameters m : minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect a list of translations files and merge path names .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   find
truth:  return   a

test:  set version if dict-like to operate .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  set   versions
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze a particular structure using the given credentials .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  dump   media
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that we can escape negative syntax test into a warning .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the potential branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return the pprint for a given job id cli example: .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  returns   series
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search block files .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  join   join

test:  get a alarm metric .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  look   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks for dependencies and the execution of a blinker .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  establish the postgresql client and all connections .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  launch   database
truth:  test   test

test:  compute size of given value for the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  align   a

test:  given a string or a list of lists which is an priority .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  given   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure our outputs are not changed on proxy models .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches comparator .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create the '{}->{}' bit of a list .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new permission instance for the specified admin .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   syncdb
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the given locale is a unbound method that validates if the string is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  list the policies returns list of policies cli example: .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a generator that will return a list of all plugins plugins .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  delete all processed tunnel .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the utc request found in which user is assigned to cover .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope generates the trend report for a build step :arg logfile a build step .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the tile sum for all given 1st sum .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  tests   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the token from a dict and return the parsed content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a system after a system .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   normalize
truth:  lookup   up

test:  a context manager for temporary disabling functionality .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  typed typed .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the filepath from the media-ranges params .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a complex point to the points .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   running
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in twisted 2 .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   p
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  search for an option that contains finite finite member member when it will be directly .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  search   check
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to mark generator as an serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the topic x as a list of __all__ .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   helper

test:  return string with makefile-style whitespace removed .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  string   replace
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a dtype to a numpy array .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator to get lines of text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  yields   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated warning warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  as-is should run .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  null   migrations
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy rules as a text string .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  cache of the script .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  same as a monomial b .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated triangulated via triangulated specific surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  supports the script that will be used to add arguments to the script .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  updates the root client for the given client .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  updates   list
truth:  export   export

test:  team controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments and returns the result .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements in the array .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  returns column from a column which behaves a human-friendly string .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  extract   response
truth:  read   read

test:  return system inventory of a list of dictionaries body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  just move a single iteration .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  constructs a record loss parameters .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  constructs   prediction
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze is cached correctly .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  signed   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  runs a process in the background process and returns a pointer if it .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  convert a member cuts to an ec2 member .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns list associated with a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  plots shared variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  performs   position
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of the input data .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a particular feature is installed .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of paths that have been uploaded .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample directories for a given file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the current policy corresponding to the policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search output to file in the output obtained by args .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility to mock input is the same interface and mock support the user by a modify_host* class .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  to   input
truth:  replace   replace

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  convert a string to ascii string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  string   string

test:  render a resource into the content given .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  render   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  course user with natively processor to pass in with the checkout service api key .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all virtual hosts for a specific host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  list observers in unix directory based on unix socket .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  list   one
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict with resources of resources .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  create a control with the given persistence .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decodes string .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test that javascript .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   optionparser
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  generate an absolute uri given a db matrix .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  compiles   item
truth:  return   scheme

test:  do the hypergeometric block log file .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  do   privileges
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple rc4 that just returns the plus logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set a name/value command to run once the version string .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  takes   code
truth:  domain   names

test:  gradient helper method .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  quantize   a

test:  create a file name for a container .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   type
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  authentication if exponential connection is instances to what requests context .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  load the input given by the user from create_payloads .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  load   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  ensure model normalization for shared updates can be loaded when a batch folders is first puts() .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  model   model
truth:  test   test

test:  add complex from top loops .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   equation
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the amazon directory to the container .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  insert   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  try to find the systems tool in sys .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the full path to the body for the current request or parts of the url as root in the url .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  patch utility for the supplied icon .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   override
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restful crud form for the client .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime object into a datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  unpause the home sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  formatting   secret
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory function and mark it as deprecated every underlying function .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  is   null

test:  try to get the deployment info for an upgrade distribution .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  to   output
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the thread-local arguments .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  link that that will return an stopped result is enabled via the url of the docker result .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a directory to be used for interactive the given directory and to return an event path where the interpreter is in the given directory that were moved to the
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  when a document doesnt exist .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image vertically .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  a logic python object .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  to   version
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for a given distribution .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  from the given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the extension in the file at the given url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  compute   verifies
truth:  null   sequence

test:  reconstruct the tweets from a reply file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  changes   replaces
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  decode an image to disk with the supplied encoded data .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  base64   base64

test:  create a series of expiration on the victorops search .
truth: search series . 
test:  create   series
truth:  search   series

test:  returns the ylast network network points to the given strictversion network sequences .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  export installed packages that are in the epoch to export a file .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  config   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template of a theme based on the theme of a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns an empty response as a json-encoded string .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  call defined in step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  null   definitions
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that overriding the decorated function and sets up to watch feature .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all certificates for a given migration filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  set up a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  split the content name based on the first request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  perform markdown characters of string reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a number to a bit integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  count   count

test:  set the current restart delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a generator of metadata nodes .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   click
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the total paths of a folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  builds the path to the specified toplevel_dir or the configuration directory .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  merge multiple blocks into a single set of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   return
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  get access to a list of groups for any field in models .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  get   command
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  reads a python data from a bytestring and a python data structure .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  deserialize   return
truth:  return   a

test:  like l{chr} but returns a tuple .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  like   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the bytes of the given kind as a string .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a firewall site to be installed .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  require   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of source names to a particular source string .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  sends user to display data .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  sends   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all tests under a directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  remove   socket
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one message .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  check that the named feature is supported in the system .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  xml   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that makes sure a function is a class and execute it with len .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the information for grep to disk cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  grep   grep

test:  replaces regex that are allowed with chars .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  return a list of modules that will be read from the passed session .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert the table into the specified link .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an ipv4 address to an ipv6 address space .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocate a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  model   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process products into correct content .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  process   replace
truth:  compare   contents

test:  is the pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  return a tuple of vectors in evenly .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the absolute vector3 .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tell how this openssl parser is valid .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the log vector of the shape in shape .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage api .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  compute a deprecation warning for a set of polynomials .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam watching a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  rewrites   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  every marathon deployment can be able to test failure .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  make sure that template is a named template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  fail fail from a document .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  null   information
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty file cant load a sparse data directory with pootle data .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front region inside the loop and ylist over width .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  count   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validate whether the ip address for the specified ip address is set .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  if   null

test:  get one rank of the closest rank to the specified size .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  map   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function parses the given xml input and returns a dictionary of it .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check two objects are consistent correctly ensures the coordinate graph of a moonish graph for creating the coordinate graph to make sure the right coordinate coordinate distance between two objects
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  make   number
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file name .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the current request from an http header .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   entry
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sort iterable based on the models in order to get a list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  performs a socket on the host .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms page of the page to use in the cms page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  cd the cached datastore .
truth: release the package . 
test:  push   project
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets variables values for all running in the running inventory[ .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  based   project
truth:  build   build

test:  check user from command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  command   command
truth:  executes   a

test:  rank for rgb values .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return hessian with nan and easier to the point should be a dataframe .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  return   hessian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the globals for globals .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the storage time zone as a tzinfo .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  modified   get

test:  test that label labels can be used as a valid simple second .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  test   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the given prefix is no keystrings and is not available .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  tests that correct values passed to be loaded and that are properly used for non gaussian distribution .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy a model instance as a dict if they want to authenticate on the model .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  copy   a

test:  check if connection is in the list of string values .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  open a indices .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  open   store
truth:  test   test

test:  print a status message to stderr .
truth: prints a . 
test:  print   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process instance .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  to   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator for image handlers .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  perform a join table join indices .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  perform   try
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  build the distributions for a given distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  build   target_bucket
truth:  null   null

test:  choose certain name .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if path exists by path .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all against tcl files .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  collect   api
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the number of cpus that are int in degrees .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  returns the contents of cache into cache .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  reading   reading

test:  do a few test to get the test for certain parameters .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  do   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load an archive file in only to a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   function
truth:  load   credentials

test:  provides a context dictionary for the desired checker .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple test function for the signing_server module .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  sometimes you get rid of a url if were quoted that just isnt a user by a user that just isnt sending to a logged in .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  fix   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  create directory for storing directory that is masquerading to the directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  a helper function to get steps from step .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the xblock xblocks .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator that adds decorators to be able to c module .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  writes a group of input library .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   part

test:  return a single test cases where each row is well as a sorted iterator .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  if   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getsigner and chooses it to that the secrets database and image location of the secrets branches .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple case that honors the part of affiliates-role the class .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  null   type

test:  check if a string is a list of keywords .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   expr
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  unzip a installed query string to the passed error .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  support   exception
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted points for {'points' .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  call the value for a response to a response .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install the environment for <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   in
truth:  find   find

test:  print all the '---' parser files .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   configuration
truth:  print   print

test:  clears the model objects equal by uuid .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  load the __version__ module and return its expand_user .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  this provide a translation for some technical message id to store all translation files provide a translation string .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary tensor of the target tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   output
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a single base object .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  return   find
truth:  warn   null

test:  when you provide a script_name url from locale .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  fixes   fixes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stable helper for least two upper methods .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  there is a phone number so that is the specified number of keys .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a relative accuracy of the complex accuracy .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  gets the right accuracy of *fileext* .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  =   =

test:  checks if f is a boolean indicating if the element under the given diff .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  filters   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse xml string containing xml character names into a registry .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add an event object and create random events to salt minion names .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a new figure definition for the specified image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  get the site value from site specific site .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  set some http headers across all http responses .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add a servicegroup attributes to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily change no environment used for the stk500v2 module that requires no arguments to use to something during the virtualenv .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  undo   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  if a wsgi application is banned with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  calculate   factory
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  get the current ttl setting cli example: .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a string using the specified options .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  debug   apply
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  tests that hundreds returns true if interest correctly used correctly used correctly .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns the human ip address associated with each node .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of all files that have been found in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve any cached attributes .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  gets the value of the variable in the sequence .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip a test if it cannot be loaded .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  -1 is a converter linux distribution .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  is   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  send out k along the first - useful to be wm_settingchange .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  send   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a control kernel file to use when only one .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an executable path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache parameter cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  attempts to filter if a path is a symlink .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  to   name
truth:  name   name

test:  generate a categorical action which satisfies the given action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned from a jid .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  rendering   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for normal_ordered_form: loop or an expression with an expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   order
truth:  write   null

test:  format a string suitable for content-type <> .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   appends
truth:  format   format

test:  check a view function that instructs the x-frame-options variable name to not set to not set the view http request variable that instructs .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for instance methods .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  prints a time and returns the time cancels cancels cancels .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   thread
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns class by name of class by a class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  translates   exception
truth:  convert   a

test:  return data about the data cache directory .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  used by sr_ref .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  change   randomly
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  validate that the provided error occurs and handle errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  string   iface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the given module is logged .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   variant
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates an index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  concatenates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  use this is a string that are supplied by the xmodule package package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  return a request entry in the image if the image supports the confine request .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  a cache dict that corresponds to keep the models in the cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  emulate   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  define inception v3 scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup a simple curve with curve certificate status code .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  server   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  fill the fill constraints constraints for an array of circular constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  reports   inverse
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  is this a string a list of strings .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  is   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' property for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  attributes are no modules in the class .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   values
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a connection function for a given ecdsa .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  create   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and a line through and a line through and angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch file for pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   up
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and force episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out string to exactly from a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns the quoted for a default extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  connect to site .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  to   users
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  defined the presence of a feature operation .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance and returns a context instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   columns
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the passed url belongs to stackoverflow url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   stackoverflow
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a sample script with the provided samples from a input to be used to draw the expected one element of the numpy array of the proper corner sample hypothesis
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   gaussian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  compute the "finish model for the given model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  gets current desktop backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  change   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  push the current server to moved in a bokeh loop .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  null   query
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap alterations to split into paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  code   text
truth:  using   null

test:  decorator for a function that maps matcher methods to new kind of a graph .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  flask   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of the variables:: maps for the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests whether test suite in a test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  tests   merge
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns the two strings of the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  startup the given function to original arguments .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  to   code
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of the first .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a string .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  return   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if an used is google google analytics .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  add the close to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  performs binary search on a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  performs   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns the contents of the file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   max
truth:  content   content

test:  write the string with the chain + rfc 2822 .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  clean up a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a helper function to write text into a file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  null   test
truth:  text   text

test:  decode unicode script into list of md5sum .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  decode   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  open the anonymous url and return the oauth2 headers .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  print   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates if the specified in the configuration .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a python 2005 .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the locate address from freebsd and windows host name .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   failure
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the database ends with the specified module .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   message
truth:  print   print

test:  generate configuration file for local config file .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  update   a

test:  display a list of actors messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  display   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract the word for symbols with at least the given word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  if   null

test:  creates decimal context .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  return   service
truth:  delete   a

test:  try to guess the given dependencies from dependencies .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter based on a gaussian tensor or a gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests suggestion field whether a unit is accept and the site .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  returns the context parameters from the current process tree or appear .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for data .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   dependencies
truth:  map   map

test:  verify that no information from an cr dictionary folders except the message .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  loop   changes
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for subtle reports that passing the correct targets .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   time
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the given file to the application .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the review request id for the specified request id .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the disk usage .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  calculate   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  info['x-w <phrase> -- gets the most appropriate text data .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  return a similar stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   django
truth:  to   null

test:  patch is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  patch   controller
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for adding an element to text .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find numbers in the right layer .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  test   test

test:  publish a block of raw querystring .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  publish   call
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set a single machine .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  function   data
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted ip string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash and build ifupdown2 for between two hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  computes updates with the moving updates given dividing parameters x: ndarray or none .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  computes   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  python2 string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  when scroll is run .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   set
truth:  link   a

test:  perform sobel precomputed using the edge transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   return
truth:  find   find

test:  expired templates from an templates .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper to format a single key .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  output   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  given a xml content .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  given   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main program .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  url   script
truth:  runs   runs

test:  construct a pattern that can be used to write several pids .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  construct   commands
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random ascii string .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the initial decomposition of a covariance .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   quaternion
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost type for given query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper method to return the url of a url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the inverse of inverse values when inverse values of inverse values .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  if the python object given the url corresponding to the python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  start   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of clauses where the provided machine is not a sorted one .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  return   load
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a rank of the given shape .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  compute an identityinterface range in the star subsystem .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  compute   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  return the protocol of a database .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  redirect to the given slash with regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  cast   dataframe
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version of retrieving components are under the systems .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  forces   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns the checkpoint checkpoint directory path for a directory .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  converts a view to a handler for views that are not a handler .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  detect   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  build a heap of elements from a sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  calls   calls

test:  open file with the resulting table from filename .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  variable with negative number of inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  parses and returns the channel your status code .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  parses   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client api with the client api .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs of latexprinter .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a username/password combo against a list of user ids .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   media
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert s3 key into the s3 bucket represented by name .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the minimum cumulative correlation of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  order   serialize
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  ensure a regexp .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  uses   re
truth:  return   a

test:  return a calendar .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  produces   a

test:  this is an displaying function that should not be basic in any .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the course milestones for operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute id of a real matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   complex
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks if a string is an xri or json-p .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of the config format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  quote a string such that lines match the atom characters dont sab against extensions .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indentation   server
truth:  given   indent

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  lash   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  search for closest assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence returns * best_hit that are same as rows .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  search   number
truth:  finds   null

test:  show all registered updates entries for memcache entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  retrieve   print
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip a test on a page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   changes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this is a specific user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  is   grain
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused unused unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event on an instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   stop
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return sle that should be passed to reload companies .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  default   name
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache the given function to cache overriden if they are added .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  cache   cache

test:  creates a route53 index table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  given   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the skeleton of an image .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to post outputs .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  is   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  should not find if given path if it cannot find one interpreter .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   url
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  print the unit tree within each tree in unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  print   rotate
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the codec name for the given file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   shortcut
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from user and check group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable seqs_per_file stream with name stream_name and name of the distinct cluster .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  profiling   key
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if a system-v style service is not disabled then it must be enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary of the plot .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   exception
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic element by ['control .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of unique fields in a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   list
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  get the path name for user 1 .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a helper method that babc bits of approximately objects .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  tests the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load a module from a parsed filename .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove directory from current directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send about a host about page .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   log
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup xinetd connections and clients to the jupyterhub .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  server   point
truth:  set   up

test:  return a dictionary of the strings that match a regex .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  search   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return a dictionary indicating whether the pattern matches the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get tags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   one

test:  represent represent the string s with camelcase .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the specified labels .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  calculates   counts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances that need to be sent in the given module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns the two strings of the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   gradient

test:  safely update the last notification application .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  like   one
truth:  to   null

test:  draw edgecolors[color components .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   change
truth:  color   channels

test:  import code into the directory where the given library is necessary .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  return   send
truth:  import   import

test:  check if datastore is a datastore of rpc .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the router is an owner .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  make the given key as a list of recently .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  make   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  generate emails to authenticate between a mailchimp id .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this is a console-based implementation to generate the returner iteration .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  is   read
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function for hg a path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  function   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for tempfile that should only be called immediately after the process has the function .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for multiple case .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a sequence to the top of the two elements .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   type
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   gcrs<->altaz
truth:  check   check

test:  send deete table to see table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   prints
truth:  insert   insert

test:  retrieve trackinfo information from bench .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string with a flattened : of string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  look for options and returns a list of dicts .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  checks if the data in dhcp is a line .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  function   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  ask the user to confirmation .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return stats of a controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  execute   crud
truth:  request   worker

test:  function responsible to handle arguments required to text usage by the given arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  erase   function
truth:  create   create

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the given hdfs client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  launches the contents of a skeleton folder style folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  determine   install
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the class of a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  generates the html for ax^2 headers .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  generates   html
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the os .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  retrieves   try
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type associated with the given class type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a key from a datastore .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  change   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  test scaling and cost behavior of scaling .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  username   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the edges of a partition .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   interface_details
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the will write will appear on the evaluation of the supplied strings .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  following   following

test:  implement streams required messages .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  parses   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  add global state to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  update   update

test:  callback function to be used in a firmware default .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  function   polynomial
truth:  is   null

test:  check the permission for the owner .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the source and return the source serialization .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  check   echo
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from requirements from requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to get the files and in the given directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a valid dn version of the string .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   versions

test:  open a py_name file .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  open   try
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a key name to the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets timestamp as utc timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of images for imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  in corpus of idx .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash system command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric mixing matrix for a given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the certificate to use in cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of unicode .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  checks whether file or expected value is sets .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  tries to find the human readable representation of a human readable image .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles belonging to a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if this endpoint calls logging .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag that require a question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a figure for each dataset .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  is   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to an atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if a system-v service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap a string with inclusion in the series/index .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of the files in the given directory .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare weekly count of weekly as dictionaries .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  check   group
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  create a path from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  authenticate using staticfiles if it exists .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  host   try
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  checks that a page with non-legacy pairs for a page pairs or list of strings .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  query   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if we are using invalid version .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return the package information for a given package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a ctypes is ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests that the suggestion status are changed from a django unit .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images by the numpy arrays .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save a model instance .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   switch
truth:  save   a

test:  gets information about fund host in the hosts account .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get capabilities .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks to see if bower is installed .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  new document form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of refs .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   list
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  return common measuring within the spatial table in an oversampled array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  run the testsuite when run tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   fixes
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  return the vector3 and delete the matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  return   time
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is installed on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  prints the old auto-incremented information .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  displays   function
truth:  function   function

test:  for a square matrix double frequency .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get the submodules of the given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list all hostnames names in the user .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  list   create
truth:  builds   a

test:  check that mode should be an optional component .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve information about the fact facts : the fact process if not already been set .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a string to an excel domain object .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download that conditional_expression login form are on when error .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   a

test:  remove a logical volume group by a snapshot and take its cart .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  unmount   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket evaluators values .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around <ctrl-x> .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or int int to dotted int .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  returns boolean true if variable is a sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  some simple test d gal function .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  fixes   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: input to convert channels into a tensor of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  scaling   axis
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that a couple inverse of a compared works .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a return spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   edges

test:  test that "checkerboard" is set and should not be called .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  run   a
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes remainder gcd of two polynomials .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl list .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   faces

test:  evaluates the first kind of n and returns the second kind .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a decorator that can be used with the given name .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   signals
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  same as caps remains .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  find the ancestor rows of a realm entity from a person entity defines a person entity defines a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   get

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  validates a device against an existing device .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check whether git source files in git mode is in git log .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   list
truth:  check   check

test:  loads a given file and returns a l{sol} object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  loads   scan
truth:  behave   behave

test:  extracts the tool_shed devices .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  url   file
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates a list of lists of g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  show pagination day page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  look   ratelimit
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  import the given module into an instance .
truth: in apps . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create a vm in the vm .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restores multiple threads to a renewal state .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  restore   restore

test:  get the client for the log scores and indicated values .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from a list  l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  list   list

test:  execute the levi-civita symbol .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  lay   null

test:  convenience function for creating a product of terms with a given list of product terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  decode unicode name for 8bit 8bit .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate transformation between two locationglobal and .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  query the url and return url for url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   return

test:  for python 2 in python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  encode   in

test:  remove the url from a request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  construct   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  inserts a termgraph group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  implements   init
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a function that operates as a *field for the provided field .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for running the first slashes in the string passed in matches none .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  configure state when trying to compare a state change state change .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  access   fn
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  helper for api will normalize default info in api .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  null   up
truth:  make   null

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element with three elements .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  nested   solexa
truth:  null   element

test:  repeat the length of a string .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  invoke a class to be run .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  normalize   helper
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the standard numpy array of samples .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  implements   samples
truth:  given   current

test:  return the id of the user that owns a given file path file or directory of which to return indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only setup the module if it is installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  execute   vms
truth:  check   check

test:  given a receipt for the given data .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates an indexed string containing n text value .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  get a cache key in the standard letsencrypt list .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  return data in samples from file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  return   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino devices .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used for a method that should be routed from a viewset that should be routed by a viewset that should be routed to a viewset that should be routed on
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add the job to the given user which username@host their actions representing the given stylesheet .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  add   rst
truth:  to   controller

test:  create a sequence of tuples with the messages .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  create   context
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return an in-memory key .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if media type is none .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the last setup to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the line fault fault stuff .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  verify   list
truth:  show   show

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  to   message
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  that endpoint; called when arguments are the user .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  query   wrapper
truth:  send   send

test:  read a test file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   read
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an api user for fast jwt with the api service profile for the client api .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a file to the trees in one of the given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get truncated properties from a group and automatically set it as a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  same as json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  generate   a

test:  like string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  stubbed   null
truth:  string   string

test:  converts a python2 string to a smooth one .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  actual helper for writing scanning windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  create   list
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator that allows the decorated function to be called at the same time .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  decorating   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns a unicode object that can be valid .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  return the string column of the string s .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   index
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the blog has any blog representation .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  renders   msg
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  prints a agent url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  prints   messages
truth:  consume   messages

test:  a helper function to get the instructions name for the instructions that was returned by the name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  create a new lookup model .
truth: start a new . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check if filename is an http path .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to convert a configuration gl * .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  transforms the response corresponding to the api and calls any response methods on the 400 param than the response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns newlines that should be used for psychopy serialization .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  search version string to be a string with next specific version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  search   find
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab mayassign .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restores the string name of the printing database .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  undo   install
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given c arguments that returns a partial reference system .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the input data matrix and a set of ~astropy .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  intercepts   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  check that two values are equal .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  check if input can be loaded into an object .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dont start and all ansi color codes from given source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   replaces
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g has no edges of g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the path to the directory of the given script .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  file   file

test:  iterates over results in a dict .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all select the specified character .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints the comments to the received list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   script
truth:  prints   a

test:  taken related to a module .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if an cached attribute should be labeled .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all given objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  get   serialize
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a list of valid stage for host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  include   include

test:  set up an error handling and apply to the same number of strings .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  set   create
truth:  error   error

test:  get a list of the choices matches to a collection of the given ten .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  get   null
truth:  select   null

test:  make sure the given value is a valid python object .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return the minion that can be used as a dict .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  return   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns whether or not the flavor is the local flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  get   get

test:  runs an attempt or if the host is attempt to set up the cli example: .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  run   up
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  handle the defaults with the passed values .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  does   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  an implementation of *merge .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  null   overrides
truth:  context   manager

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  returns true if the minion is running on .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  a l{deferred} for discount installation .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  search   function
truth:  stripping   null

test:  used for building the _update_certificate_context() if you dont have a blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  used   environment
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   a

test:  all of a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  skip   null

test:  the inverse of this provides the response objects .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   web
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  sets the output commands that will use for all further commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  sets   output
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view that modifies the remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return the best around the x and y .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads temporary class of files when a new subs_somevalue is cross with the respective data of the public scope of a given dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that a new messages backends are new .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  import a module and return the attribute/class designated by a string like: foo .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  run distribution with application .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  server   up
truth:  to   null

test:  unpacks a numpy order to make sense names based on columns of a dataset name .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  format   items

test:  immediately that commands should render the arrays .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test using values in the y position at the same position as the y position .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  decide a given filepath or a string of one metadata .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  memoize   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  demos polynomial pseudo-quotient .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  multivariate   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be posted by slug or views .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  handles the given node and node2 and node2 to node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates the random degree sequence .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract an exception listing from a file listing .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  extract   shows
truth:  takes   a

test:  setup objects are valid .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  object   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the cached data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test %alias_magic .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   test
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns the coach coach that will be used to test javascript code .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write a command to the python file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   sequence
truth:  write   null

test:  forces an html user friendly .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  access   whitespace
truth:  view   view

test:  attempt to remove the specified file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a return false .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representation of an xml string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   path
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a permissions for a particular egg or name .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  transforms a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  build   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to create a initializer tensor initialized with shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  function   path
truth:  create   a

test:  finds the last window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the linux kernel sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper function that converts a string into a dictionary .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  function   split
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  remove an archive in the mathjax directory .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if an object was found or was found .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  search for git updating git repos .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  search   endpoint
truth:  null   webhook

test:  create attacks given distribution .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  create   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test hyperbolic of with_appcontext using text .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  batch batch keys .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  batch   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a list of entities and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  when only a list of the parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  split   split

test:  return the given wrapper .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  func   func

test:  converts the ensuring of tool_shed into unicode-compatible embeddings .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  tests that the tpot iteration gets correctly when it has no effect .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with empty .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  change message to use when creating progress was defined .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the linear histogram histogram k from an array of nodes .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  function   histogram
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update the system-portable data of a coordinate array .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  hits   strip
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns true if a string is trailing reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  if   optional
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the maximum of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a string indicating that the given version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  coordinates power of a sphere at the points of the observed axis .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  multivariate   triangulation
truth:  note   note

test:  converts [[[ coordinates to string .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing a file .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  ignores   test
truth:  test   test

test:  an encrypted helper for asynchronous use in --batch mode .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   show
truth:  list   list

test:  decodes one component component .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  return an interface type that is longer than the system .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the inequality dictionary of nodes .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sigmoid with cutoff and returns the sigmoid value of cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  save the string to a file and update the filename .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   a

test:  if data can be numpy array or a copy of the length .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns a queryparser configured to search in multiple fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  compute   shell
truth:  mill   a

test:  performs the given script .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the craft plugin calls .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable the stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   gateway
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  parameters fastq to fastq format conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  given an attributes value .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  sets   sets

test:  some dependency dependencies are installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  code   method
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by xml element .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  iterates over indices .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  iterates   s
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a tunnel name for document on the given title .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   mask
truth:  create   create

test:  listen to import event bus and return node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current time of k-neighbors .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uses a path to a storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload the path to the pathname lib in editable directory .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  monitor   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of completed ids for the given exploration ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to get a document from a text document .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  get   new
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* filters filters .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get all valid subject subject lead to a release or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value from a tensor .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach a load-balancer load-balancer .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  parent parent parent .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  generate   replaces
truth:  clear   null

test:  for an local file for serializing block .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   find
truth:  yield   path

test:  add a class to json list; .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  add   a
truth:  process   process

test:  gets the version of a resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  get the current view view for a given boolean .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  get   keys
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset a development data for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  query   query

test:  get the file of the file .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a view function so its response will get the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as the view http response doesnt already logged in the view function .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  check if a number is proposed type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  set logging for the root buffer with root .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  set   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix exponential in an matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return text .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  output   implementation
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current git hash for caching .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   one

test:  initialize a sympy object for working or for condition specified by onto an "thing" data .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  to   keyword
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a set of dhcp option in an aws response to a dictionary .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  locates   key
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signature using hashed message access .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generates   token
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the absolute position of the current thread in the entire thread .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given task object to an json-compatible task and name .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  determines whether a tuple with bad quotes .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  determines   filename
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad vpc options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier signature .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   reference
truth:  create   create

test:  used for testing related to the matplotlib functions .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  used   test
truth:  package   package

test:  create a dataset which will drop a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the given template string with a unicode string .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset for bigquery and bigquery a test .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo decorator for sequences of recurrence polynomials and cache examples .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of validated names for a specified user cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  load   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  search the search results .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  modified   return
truth:  add   things

test:  remove an element from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  list   list

test:  like qutebrowser .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  like   unicode
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a mock logs logs out the specified scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  return   upload
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc res .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes gcd of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  sign   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the given number of objects to an integer .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   value
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about anything for completed usage in a set of completed and end of usage .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  exists   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to stderr a text in a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the cache of the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  return the project extensions that should be used to support extensions .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given a sequence of derivatives representing the appropriate button .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  given   selinux
truth:  process   process

test:  get an environment variable for subprocess .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build a hash for args .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  build   a
truth:  used   null

test:  computes the normalizationnotimplemented' metric of the nodes in g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  add a bootstrap message to the list of available tags .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a pool that will connect to specified instance .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  run the directory on windows module if it exists .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  load   code
truth:  locate   a

test:  get square spline vector of parity test for parity reference .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a resource ids and name .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   new

test:  use a message with the given user_id .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create monitor and optionally create a new monitor in a specified monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   usage
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a response content that will be included in the response headers .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action action for a given resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the loop to the point with the point intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  convert modified file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  using   contents
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture providing a topicsread and returns a single topicsread instance .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given test .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  wait for the specified host to be used to refer to the supplied port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  translate the exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci ips by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compile the given code-object table for an unification .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the impossible level messages from the given request to add to the session .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path module components .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  a hypothesis version of the value to let the message using the cpuset program .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled tutorial in the 'tutorial-disabled' .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get the action trace for an existing trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie player player object .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' filter .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends the currently active topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   default
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog --> /path .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if linear replaces linear gnome test for use with linear gnome .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  multivariate   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  generates a hash of given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks that value is a string or a string .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract the mappings position to initial units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  bytes   distance
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  if the path separator works .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  function   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorate a function to be translation if it is already been set .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  escaping verification that match http response to a host and return a expected url .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  sort   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generates a random rotation number .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  use   use

test:  uses the :term:lineage job to run from the user-agent .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  process   returns
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   python
truth:  compile   compile

test:  returns notification driver config .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  always return a list of missing positions .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the index of index in the order .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  do   root
truth:  find   find

test:  add a panel to the queue .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   column

test:  replaces all and trailing whitespace .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  whitespace   value
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a number between [0 .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively return all files in a directory list from the specified directory and files .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  merges   include
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where each pixel and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  read   return
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  check if the given node is a class alias .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  to   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute the mask of the nan matrix based on nan .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  mask   return
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  checks if a task is a callable that could be valid .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create celery job group .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  create   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  gets a table of html with ipython steps .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  display   a

test:  update to refresh logic .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  update   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the provided location if it exists and is on the systems path from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  reshape the sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string into the pending tables .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   searches
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a value in a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a new response request .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert value to default values .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for a resource to return true if the expression has evaluated within a nice manner .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   return
truth:  calls   calls

test:  transforms a string to a ccx of undeferred .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  transforms   delete
truth:  context   context

test:  load json module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  to   try

test:  generates a valid scalar label for a categorical label int .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns indefinite article article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a diff function to call its response to function before speedy visualization .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the specified server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a movie .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  show   run
truth:  null   information

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  add a group name of the current process components .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list the status of auto_auth to use for rabbitmqctl startup .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates the template for a specific command to a folder .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  updates   policy
truth:  uses   rar

test:  checks if the first entry is found .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  insert knots .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  store   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load the given plugin from plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return the n-th norm of f .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  verify the code from local revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a helper which is called inside of the cython environment .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether this country calling a possible country code is no metadata from this country .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as a 0 .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  offset   offset

test:  splits the partitions into github pieces .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  splits   strip
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation currently chooses stable refresh update ports on upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of intersections in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create the user account with the email account and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test svg interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all a match matches the transform .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   glob
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator should be used to mark a function to at runtime .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic application using duplicate inference .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  break a specific orbit from 0 to strings .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the value from the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   line
truth:  get   get

test:  delete large because of p1 calls parameters p1 : symmetric coordinates of p1 .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  loop   apply
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that a string is a valid object .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given user .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  create   axes
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a remote refs file .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  push   push

test:  make sure that overriding get bundled logging stream exists .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shorthand for yielding .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast alloc of input to alloc .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for creating a set of urls for converting items to the database .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  load the el dataset and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the scenario for pidlockfile test cases .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a list of tuples to a single string .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a certain string to a complex graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   click
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  turn a trace into a list of integers .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  turn   set
truth:  null   a

test:  list files that belong to a blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable the paging on the output cli example: .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  disable   null

test:  copy languages languages with new .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  access   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handles 'head'req .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  handles   object
truth:  account   account

test:  issue issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  load activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  load   value
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: rows is a template file .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  rows   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  registers time steps .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  registers   time
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors data from given module .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from element node .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  returns an user subscription from node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  depreciate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  converts idle id into its associated languages .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  setuptools   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initialize the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group user information .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  minimum of array elements over a given axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a brocade actions that matches the actual vif distribution .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect the connections from the mysql server .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  exit   fix
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the policy is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  returns an formatted colour .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  format a double mathml for a numpy information .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  format   tan
truth:  returns   a

test:  tasks stock at tables .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  null   parentfield
truth:  null   null

test:  this function adds a user .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  fixes   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the compiler is being executed .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  resizes   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  shift_expression : equality_expression eq type_name .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns the os arch to see if required .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  print a print message to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  enable   console

test:  retrieve a json value from the specified url .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set a password for pem data buffer .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  function   passwords
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to parse string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets relationship of given user instance .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return a list of the weight specified by the weight .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  join two strings such that join lie inverses .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the inputs passed to the same parent page .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the codec in the given lexer encoding .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  encoding   lookup
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that distance between 1-d distance is in the details so that the numpy forest on the input data ops is different from the right gathering and it .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  check if the options that are actually a ignore .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  run a command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  run   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  display a wsgi-compatible command line configuration via the generic version .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  display   display
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip all ansi from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run the default scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   pull
truth:  run   run

test:  return number of rois rois and y .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  applies   convert
truth:  project   image

test:  gather a string representing the minion .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  list   list

test:  install internet package if its not .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant for constant .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   script
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  given a new certificate in the app .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do a following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if a signal is available .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to int .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  topo topo background image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  url tag that will push a thumbnail with a get_absolute_url() document .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  url   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  coerce an instance v into the scalar function .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  fixes one width into far circle .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  =   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do the df with rdict = unparametrized .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  do   configuration
truth:  tag   tag

test:  compute the vector lx to y operator .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attempt to drop a public key .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  set   up

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle a application .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  object   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  perform a unique integer id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a single grouping into one grouping string .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  label   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return unicode name of a unicode string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if and only if nodes is an undirected graph in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a setting by a user argument .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return flat list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to get the paper: distribution .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  union   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> str pass in a newline to the escaped value of the form .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the list of command-line keys that can be assigned to the given html .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test that approximate isnt applied .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a function useful to represent a color table with the given color value .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the latest api based on the addon and params[registration] to the addon snapshots for all reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   one
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a time string to a posix time object .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   send
truth:  convert   http

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  execute the given image modules from the referer http requests .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  queries   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  create a simple mock with the specified request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get virtual ips for fixed interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change confirmation confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad field onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  user delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   stream
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected preference for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an etag_func() that returns the default valid response .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   modules
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  add desktop results to got page .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  resets   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp the service of rdp the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  print   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  returns true if utility looks like the query received .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  null   url
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a single loss entry for the specified step .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the correct dictionary that represents a particular event in the provided export-aria2 .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  given   null
truth:  creates   session

test:  select the first docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  select   convert
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a default key .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for a base image containing the filename .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the lines of an lines .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  get   get

test:  determine interface name that is an thumbnailer oscillator .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  a %reset test .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of users cli example: .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves the arguments to parse a template number of votes its received and randomly pointer .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  null   encoder

test:  check to see if filename exists .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  test   find
truth:  null   null

test:  log log converted to check that is valid .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   checks
truth:  log   log

test:  the hash function .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  mask   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where image and zero are the same .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  verifying   prewitt
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  match keys based on a glob denied .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  reject   reverse
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt is a public key with the public key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  string   case
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  give the list of files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  save   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests logged-out file having translation file having a file name .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   translator
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the specified container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks if a file is given as possible .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  toggle html documents for edits .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  watching   return
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as non-shiny .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  totodiles   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a reset configuration variables for partition .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  uk .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   list
truth:  -   -

test:  generate the job id for the json job and return the base64-encoded job value .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a scipy sparse matrix to an iterable of weighted format required by grabbing a scipy sparse matrix a .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a content-type string with the compression keys and values .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the app registry registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate an u'module' if all the test cases are not yet used as expected .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give answers consistent without *icrs* in *icrs* without launching turned turned on array and barycentric things .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   number
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the value with the given db .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the determinant of the given matrix problem .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns an initialized variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to the insert default default default default default default default default default .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the root root directory for zipline root files .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the contents of a given schema file and write it to a file .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   columns
truth:  read   a

test:  strips all uppercase whitespace characters from whitespace and replacing spaces .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   rules
truth:  removes   null

test:  given a class decorator .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  if   roles
truth:  if   null

test:  check that 'xgettext'] is 'xgettext'] .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  catch   exit
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  when this manifest is fire in the cell@item protocol .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  update   extension

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  a operation on the tree or random elements of a random pattern .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a configuration object .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the filename has revoked bundles .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the user-agent header by looking up the user-agent folder .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator that yields the chunk of values from iterable n times n times .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the latest snapshot name .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fixture that returns a userwithnopermissions' user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  fixture   find
truth:  require   a

test:  sample the sample rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  sample   rss

test:  ensure that tabbing are not cause a file with the attached level .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  create   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a class attributes for a class that can be a class to extract the specific data into the response type of a class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if the given network is a network address .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a argparse integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the fused cname id and an original cname .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network device name .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple wrapper for parameter_values_from_pillars .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the maskscore score function for prediction scores of the input data .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  casts   text
truth:  text   text

test:  need to run once on support support .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  creates an application default configuration for a given vm .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  boot the current date in seconds since the epoch is a time .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  test   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   check

test:  for image backends - is not implemented in the current figure out for the interactive axis cli example: .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   hypothesis
truth:  clear   null

test:  list admin dejsonize for a task .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  look   task
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext need to encoded string .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the url of a url => en .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the brlist attached to the given list .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   md5

test:  make sure that something modulo missing correctly .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  make   whitespace
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  check that the given type works as arguments are valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of images .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for each languages osf type is scalar .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   a

test:  loads the resource depending on a learn_shift graph .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out at parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a temporary temporary file and create a new temporary directory on the given file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  returns the python callback frame of a block file .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  same as openid -- for openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  view   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  fit ratio of matrices .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a validator object from a service .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  setup compatible backend for cryptography .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  do   windows
truth:  patches   patches

test:  given column to init columns from 79 .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  unescape   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer magic filename has the footer magic encoding .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version number .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into an ordereddict .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   lowercase
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a string .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   server
truth:  create   create

test:  like terminalwriter .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  return a function that maps a worker function to the provided iterable of iterables .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the attributes of an object and return it .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  retrieve   method
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  open the commands to an html with the given help code .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  open   command
truth:  help   help

test:  when a wsgi application is run .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  generate a cookiejar from a jar distribution parameters jar : str cookie : int number of cookiejar .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a windows event between two events .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  repack the subversion data to include a dictionary .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a hook changes to user configuration .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  changes   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse function to initialize an permissions with the given image type .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the code that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return the line of sanity of line interface .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the url of the edx web server .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns model model of data based on the model model .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  index   input
truth:  returns   a

test:  runs something unless the distribution is installed .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  get   current

test:  calculates an iterable functions that can be present in a breadth-first corpus .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the directory where the first one contains a file name .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the control configuration dictionary .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  get   css
truth:  check   check

test:  return a new biostar cpu links for image .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  applies last report of file type os-dependent 1 .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  record   a
truth:  null   null

test:  starts the given bar that describes the specified widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  starts   environment
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a lower percentile per the given axis of the sequence per 0 .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  null   set
truth:  put   put

test:  runs assets in the page .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the current hub platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test same_domain with url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the object is a tuple of strings .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  obj   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  delete a task by name .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert statements in "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test that an error is raised if the validation object is unknown .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default list that should be used in this module .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  the first floating point points that do not already in floating point number .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  export   doclist

test:  return the directory to use for the system .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   get
truth:  list   list

test:  get the workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  get   check
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  creates a unique rpc object for use with the given filename .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  combine the default configuration in the given type .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  show timestamp used for an integer routines which are not log multiple times .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares the extra key key key key key = boolconstant .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  declares   a

test:  check that cms-related in de with 404s .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform scharr positions using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  estimate   return
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  queries for the specified metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   checks
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get zip key .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   test
truth:  test   test

test:  computes discrete portions length for fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input functional .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  test whether a valid openid url show all the user who are logged in .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  handles   shows
truth:  render   a

test:  check to see if the directory file is not .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a string for a slice .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   function
truth:  make   a

test:  list packages but argument to parse a package lock has been removed from the packages to delete .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  list   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  redirect redirect to join the arguments passed to the server .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return data to the directory that contains already exists .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for each complex api that is not been same .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  null   function
truth:  list   list

test:  synchronous sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  executes the messages for the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge 2 dicts and returns the values from an ordered dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns a list of mappers for the provided smtp key from the smtp list .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify the class can be changed on to the display .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  create and initialize the ignored summary page .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  store   store

test:  return a name that is the ensures that the redis queue .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render the users support page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  render   page
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the api name for the current request .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   value
truth:  stop   stop

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url for the remote host .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  perform the best otu table for the specified maximum .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  perform   exponential
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad range rendering by rhs .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  find alloc of the alloc method gpu gpu .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a wheel to pip from source and version .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register the provided scheme into scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return project projects for the user can be create or update projects .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return list of all pending pipeline ids .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  for each of the given word with the highest extension .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rc4 computed activation algorithm for transform: .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  show a redirect with ajax compatibility .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  retrieve   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the supplied fact .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the full path to a directory if found under path is given .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user-agent for the client .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only ignore auth info from user .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  return the new theano viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  return   connections
truth:  show   show

test:  suggest two numbers .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the free port to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  spectral spectral reciprocal of the standard normal distribution parameters x : array-like the number of observations to the expression array .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters type:string df['date'] dates based on djangos blurred perceptual markdown by default parameter_list .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  access   dataframe
truth:  null   parameters

test:  simple sandwich for service .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary model of the given model object .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  shared interface for a single vm data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing a wheel with pip from a file with pip .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert all description of a table into a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   distribution
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two arrays in a tolerance if the two pathnames are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the current user .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for storing .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  is this a "base request to hide the context .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all items in an iterable of values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended iscsi and plot a matrix that covers to the plotting .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target in the given target was set .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  decodes string from plain format and then base64 .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  warning: this is used to skip a django user .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  return the timestamp of a request object in utc into utc timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  return   shorthand
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   load
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator that makes a function into the same session key for the selections parameter .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time scaling of a sound stocenv: threadsafe model .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  scaling   max
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a string of html characters ( .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper to format a dict that is marked as well .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  to   in
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return the file name of the given list of the directory .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index kind .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert common filename into the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   python
truth:  insert   insert

test:  force problem contains all students for a particular problem for a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  sample   update
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the absolute reverse for the current locale .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object tied to use in a text .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital sensor droplet sensors .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dataframe to dd api due to a pandas dataframe parameters dd : dataframe number of observations .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  dataframe   attempt
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an object from disk .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the first asset template name for the given asset template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user for a string .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   prompt

test:  create and return sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  create   return
truth:  sends   a

test:  this utility method to create history of the graph g when adding or not .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for the output of a and b sum of the same name than or associative a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class arguments .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  these digit of string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   get
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  function   function

test:  checks for rule but should be used .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  checks   use
truth:  walk   null

test:  given a line that yields the given token inside each part of c{parent} .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  function   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return whether the current idle packed is a packed[ packed encoding .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  this is a helper function to easily add the values to the corresponding dictionary .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  is   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the username for a specific uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  config the file bank bank of the specified path .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder setting for the verified config file .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  string   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the correct example example into one gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   permissions
truth:  generate   generate

test:  runs a filter filter as rendered for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of rpc files for an array .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a header .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  constructs   variables
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if given intent is a valid intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  header   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to load verification with top-level containing resourcedenied .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return an object level that is not allowed by the current process .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  get   return
truth:  convert   level

test:  compute the memmap of two binary arrays .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using cdf parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  multivariate   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  display the sections page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  view   view

test:  compute dot product of an xri under the buckets axis .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  compute   account
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a path to the file in numeric format and return it .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for a condition based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  this is a utility function that creates a figure out the lightness s(a)(n) .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  plots   corners

test:  format the human-readable size like a human readable size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds the hexdigest headers to the history resource .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  test whether a string is the same name from strings .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  test   str
truth:  append   append

test:  returns the return the previous outgoing cost .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  get   get

test:  set the data contained between two resource and imapfolderinfo it .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  converts a successful operation to an integer and return the result as well as the json object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  define the given value in a string where f <= v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the server sensor platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   click
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder publish trend reports with the value of exactly html jobs .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for execution that yields the state of a collection .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users usernames corresponding to the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  load the schema from the data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  load   data
truth:  is   result

test:  reads the platform string from the named pid file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from the given sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  pair   pair

test:  regression test for bug packing .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test no http:// within node2 .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   interface
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  convert unicode string to collator .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return a dict with keys having to be a dict of the keys in order to pairs .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  return   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks that the module is you expect .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   =
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a binary image and returns the exact unique bytes of a sequence of a unique format .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read one unit at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   apply
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the first options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the string from a text file and dictionary .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   inserts
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find the data files .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  find   directory
truth:  null   null

test:  add a same-length hack to a specified table and return a list of dicts .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  add   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  the important function simple entry point for the passed file .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   get
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  private sum of words that shows the given 'stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  index   count
truth:  stats   stats

test:  generate the binscope limiting config file and download the given ones .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for setting that require the specified data .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  allow   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a bucket or none .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   a

test:  pickle to cache if add/update exists .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  to   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display the list of all registered requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  convert a string into the minimum version number .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the js template characters .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the given object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  validate a fixed-width message .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  validate   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a new class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if a given response is accept from the admin .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  match   match

test:  return a class decorator for a class that maps some arbitrary options .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   tests
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the specified model object to likelihood output model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  save   return
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user auth to the email address from the email address and use when the api failed .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   checks
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the currently active thread instance .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a dict that can be a dict representing fixed svm .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a single file in the minion using natural relevant category arguments: filename: : the name of the services to use for debugging in reuse area .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  check   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the patched methods of an existing pil .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  access   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compatibility the model level constraints for the used in @with_app and name .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  used   return
truth:  check   check

test:  add a point to the module .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   msg
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  is used to have a direct_declarator that do not support .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code to code code to to code to to to code to to to to code to to to to to to to code to code to to to to
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  register non-default markup routines .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  register   returns
truth:  null   parser

test:  for the existence of the yes .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add google low-level commands .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   user
truth:  updates   updates

test:  select the item in the sequence x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   iterator
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp is shutdown .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  site wide sync_stores .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  init   a
truth:  null   languages

test:  calculates the items that are spatial to be added to a list of length .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  calculates   functionality
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  check if a task is a task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  get current filter from the current server .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  get   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate tests and verify test runner .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience function for creating a fake api separator .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for each element of the yet along the given axis .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  list the locale name for the given locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the given primer primers into primer primers .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   home
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files to home directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sample
truth:  write   a

test:  drop drop for all removed keywords .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  collect   add
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect user with given command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  the tests are not applicable with a backslash compilers: .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the draw keywords .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of all methods in iterable .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  return   ids
truth:  function   function

test:  settings needs a user with a --unit backends .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a given repo .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  write a network adapters adapters .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create dataframe criterion by axis values to use in straces[ way .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   a
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no value is no colors used to within a parent directory .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  receives   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean indicating whether obj is a dictionary and values are left as a boolean .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the existing aws versions of *x* .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   set
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the default spatial tree of a remote system cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  alteratives   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  find the string representation of a given item with the given item or a string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   use
truth:  get   get

test:  check the score loss of dtype and that we can contain an exception .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  check   handles
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a campaign feed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  split a pathname into a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return path string .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  import   a
truth:  find   find

test:  default templates that expects a dictionary request .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  provided   view
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns init for writes this is not a [p[ .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  string   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts the policy in the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  produce   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the number of default layer extensions for given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   logic
truth:  run   run

test:  return a value of the versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   contacts
truth:  view   view

test:  overlay the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the prerequisite milestones with the given content and minimum gating for the given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait until i exits exits .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  instructs chocolatey to bootstrap the path for the specified package qemu the command line the response to the command line .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  extract all matplotlib rc rc from file system .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the sizeof server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   entry

test:  plot difftool in a 2-d branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a version string for the current python version this galaxy .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the files are present in the input .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  alias for python2 .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  add   add

test:  task task by grep resolve to the executable pid .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  function   function

test:  make the *x* function to were running on the numpy array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   dtype
truth:  function   function

test:  compute nth integer without storing the number n and smallest n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot of snapshot elements cli example: .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  given   filesystem
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the distributions for the given httpconnection .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   space
truth:  value   value

test:  a helper function that takes the coordinate stone and right points to the console data points and right until the values after other points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  align   mean
truth:  calculates   null

test:  enables a context .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  context   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  save the current session .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  clones   content
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   minimum

test:  hash of string .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  null   url
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  produces a list of strings into a string .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict returned when the last function called .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap the string escaped by quote_escape .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  returns a list of example dataset into a sequenceexample string .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  create a flavor record executable .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  create   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a attribute to be called when the class is submitted .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the default cache location for the application folder .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the localised literal number in the number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  return the four data .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the policies for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses the s3 uri string with cinder and titles are known out of the s3 key string .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  array-like attributes are not rewritten on normal type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  provides system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the internal unit registry registry enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install june and contaminated them .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  install   install
truth:  download   software

test:  create a cloud ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits some common leading whitespace into every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  splits   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   drop
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  login to calling an error if the response is missing .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  server   runs
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the current date and returns it .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  convers   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return http status code plus xvd .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  return   status

test:  given the ace for a type args: obj_name : the name of the object to check returns: bool: true if the object has the registry .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  respond with a course_id .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  endpoint   activity
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to catch a nice error message when creating a nice error .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  code   check
truth:  context   manager

test:  pipes a positions at the given name .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  null   null

test:  for matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file filename this is similar to :py:func:current_code_name .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a file to the linux package .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  null   a

test:  create a form with an existing user .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  create   create
truth:  render   render

test:  helper function to create old values from old values .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the cci instance and return a status instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  execute   start
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify an instance of the instance instances of an instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a source tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  apply a string to a tree of the items .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  apply   parses
truth:  format   format

test:  stores the given transport to be used and merge as a connected reactor .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  fixture   use
truth:  take   a

test:  runs a port for an existing user with a specific port name the name of the bans to delete a port for the specified package to delete for creating a
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  package   a
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that x values in the list provided in seq2: .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  ensure the xml element is an element which are returned by the center of strings .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  ensure   nodes
truth:  surround   null

test:  test traited .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  after code is being handled .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  code   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a html template for a user defined course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the user data for this course .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get current ioloop loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  do   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return vector convenience wrapper for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing a non-editable git git url using a relative url that is already installed .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  return a pick .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get reindent lines for two python diff lines .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a copy of strings; text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default value .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  default   model
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a unauthenticated function .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the proper body from the secret .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  access   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generates the given function for the given function or a module .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return true if the named service is enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  a backend to extract host as dictionaries .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  disable icon attributes and assign an ismaster so that it is in the correct state .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  time   list
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in laguerre .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   names
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  try to search the lines of a given image type .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  to   data
truth:  check   a

test:  this function adds the tap command .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return the utility .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to temporarily replace the decorated test unless the code is set to be the correct wrapper .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   use
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push remote logging config cpu is present on the remote os .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  push   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  return the relationship url .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  gets   create
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user data to context under the key backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  load   item
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed in new translation representation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  call the version of the os .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  runs   mean
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the 1} .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of sorted s3 filter .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a string to be used as an integer .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   processes
truth:  set   set

test:  list out the files or a pull request as a dictionary with information about each tag and returns the result not respect to be passed into the files cached as
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  list   list
truth:  create   a

test:  set float option as string .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility method to get the fails in a line .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   standard
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads lines from latest characters .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  reads   lines
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the characters with the given html with the given html sequences .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return html view of the course and portage trail is correct for the given course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run doctest on all distance calls .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  doctest   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  require an addon via the docker container .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the list of codename used to process the currently active permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the join_units indices of a covariance or fixed array .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parses an expression or object .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns current admin pages as admin urls see constructor .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fetch a task object for an image by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers a single vcs command .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  registers   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove rendering 'wal-prefetch' logic .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  render   a

test:  checks whether the given version is equal to the expected version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitize a few extension using the name of the filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  sanitize   find
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a time string to number with iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  given   day

test:  test cleaning of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  get snapshot description .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  get   return
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of random values over the given array .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a datacenter instance in a particular datacenter in a particular datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the given intag[ color can be found .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  if   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a deprecated agree .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  create   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  determine the mutual class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an rcode main entry .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  return   string
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts to the assure id passed as the self property .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  utility function to apply formstyle for a callable that will call the incident fields for a maximum form only on the incident fields .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the string representation of metric and returns a list of lines .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new gax bits .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a encryption key for an object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of breakage bindings for the dmf promotes is used in line-based .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  constructs   bootstrap
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if possible .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to normal by reflection about reflection point and normal point separator for reflection kernel .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a class instance for a given instance and returns a class instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a file according to a specified source file .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a string for use in the value of a key .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a dictionary of word words .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform two matrices by the transform of bases .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  transform   converts
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  extract   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named template is absent name the alias to remove .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert input to a given image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a string is a valid code .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve the url for backend fixture by provider .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  url   url

test:  create a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  generate a new variable used for order get expired calculate the number of occurrences occurrences of sigma_hat is able to easily emule backends .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  generates   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a test to the database defined in now .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  override   null
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if the user is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  set   null
truth:  used   function

test:  translate page name into endpoint .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  paginated   one
truth:  null   one

test:  return a cache instance for operating system .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid (unix sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic lights .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the node is returned by a node .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for reduction methods from a track state and track state changes to the track state .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  turn a stim channel into one .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  turn   events
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad a multiple labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  parse a versions of a versions table .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  to   metadata
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse code at plt .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   input
truth:  formats   formats

test:  try to guess search for executable synchronous .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  to   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  get only n*m color of the original table options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case fails by adding transfers while suppressing to upload concurrency while it on surface .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  is   a
truth:  model   a

test:  check to see if the file & build a list of modules which will be valid .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exploration ids with the given state and a dictionary of ids .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a global test module to skip tests from django tests replaced with the module name .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading label color subject .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  reading   label
truth:  io   io

test:  compute performance of transformers .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  store   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  reads a file in one of several xmodules into a single output .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory that the given theme belongs to .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  logouts of the connected to the current user which is take as strings and is take .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  move   move

test:  to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  is   pointer
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as a return b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove unused keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove all system lists from the battery battery .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import python source files into sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two context strings together .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  settings   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that the user can access the given contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  make   check
truth:  if   check

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  reads an md5 copy of a config file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  compute   pip
truth:  if   null

test:  create a folder in which user can create tasks .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  project dashboard view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  adds a user as an roles on the given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  display display for the media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  display   handler
truth:  null   media

test:  given a number returns its length string with the given length as a n string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   process
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the path to the directory of this directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  calculate the versioned digest string and return the base64-encoded code of a new secret .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  output   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  search for an uri or a uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  search   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of changes between html and have a given value .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  generate   a

test:  a context manager to capture the printed output in a qmutex .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  default   variation
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement the binary bin for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   measurement

test:  same as a // x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse user for a boolean value .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the rsa message msg msg from the rsa header msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  initialize   features
truth:  msg   msg

test:  add a named icon to the user model .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  form   render
truth:  render   a

test:  given a command name .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  given   wrapper
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  change permissions to an environment with environments .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  access   null
truth:  return   a

test:  write out the services .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  same as a >= a >= inv .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  null   null

test:  search a paginator with the given objects of a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  create websock .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  create   html
truth:  to   connect

test:  import can not be loaded if were not imported .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  import   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a path on the master .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  call   call

test:  validate an xmpp date as specified by value .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  determines   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert formats to a more conversion .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse the contents of a set of files in the specified directory .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get the numeric maxima in utc from system seconds .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load addition from a bytestring into a python type .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the name of this package is the directory to retrieve the container .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  log a traffic error .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  push   test
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that "camera" image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  lowercase and returns a style object .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  add a enrollment attribute to the course attributes .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait for a master and return a connection .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  lock   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: bsetter trigger non-parametrised test results :arg bool include-failed-builds: if there is any build failures .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  register the template .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate a certificate request based on course uuid .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  filter   certificate
truth:  generated   null

test:  given a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  given   copies
truth:  make   a

test:  generate a test case of the targets set from a list of tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the note that it is generated .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete a filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   path
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads uploads to allow javascript file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  iuploader   shortcut
truth:  obtain   a

test:  a simple wrapper that is not good by the simple c{classobj} .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename user .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  rename   a

test:  write worksheet rules to the specified period .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   actions
truth:  write   null

test:  a function that will not be run in a single parameter .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns the flattened array .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  name of a function .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports a namespace if the string in the given class .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  test that an interval is boxcox and sample from array .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  editable installations should not change url for vcs deploy .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  pass   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allocate a new random to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds messages messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  gets the javascript options to options .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  gets   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the exit exam keys as a unicode task key .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  checks if a path is a unsaved>'length tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a rational function of a numpy shape with a given figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  mangle a calling function this is a calling implementation .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  mangle   algorithm
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder of area under the difference between two probability objects parameters x : array-like returns column that computing the linear @login_required .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  compute   area

test:  verifies that strong element in text are returned by the element of a c{dict} step .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a sequence of vreturn .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   dhcp
truth:  null   null

test:  return the details of clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  control-p to the event history from the cursor .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  return a tuple of changes made up to .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  return a local domain object for the given resource domain .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  feed logging from the default external handler .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape html html with ampersands stripped .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  find selection and descriptions in the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of total ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into an array .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted is trusted .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  fetches   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a single table identified by the system filename .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  pull   pull

test:  imports of value to incorrect compatible with the documented value .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  train a denoising for a single path for a model .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the named service is installed .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default color of the rc parameters .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   package
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default order form for the specified request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if the given round is equal to the specified message .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  if   null

test:  time field in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  convert string to a simple string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  tuple   python
truth:  combines   null

test:  test that the activation outbox outbox is an exception .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  default   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts bytes to a byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that does nothing special .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  creates an encoded hash .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the path to the current png with a service default credentials default .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts list of filterchain objects into a string .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sorting   reverse
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a javascript representation of html for a json tag .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into option instances .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return information about a mongodb configuration .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  domain the given domain or checks if the given host name matches the given host and returns true if the match the given host path .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable a state .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   sets
truth:  set   status

test:  parses unit values of an unit unit rate .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new tdes key cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to return the object and .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a name that yields target names .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given module .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  '%slayercount%sof%s the layer by procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  gets the data with printable data .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  unpack   a

test:  create an image of the minimum indices .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build html for a document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  needed   value
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  return undefined if the given value is a jinja one .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  cast   float
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs of an existing interface or none if one exists .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in front specified by the product graph .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the names and data for a script with the given name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  find   output
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a base number from the given identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  tooltips tooltips for the tooltips .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a html of a request .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  returns   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list of hits rows .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft profile module name .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the css css css css css css string .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   css
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose one or more pathname .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a pep 302 input string .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the source url to the closest pattern .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decode a color that blends over a given rgb palette .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this function checks to see if the status is under parallel and returns the high status .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  run   a

test:  finds a symbol that invokes the tokens as local instance .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  finds   access
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a dictionary of tuples that are objects[object based on the given node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  create   a

test:  check to see if the given guest name is shared since the guest database .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  context   users
truth:  access   access

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  replace the network configuration files with the info in the data_dir .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  replace   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  function used when new signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  used   max
truth:  null   null

test:  return the series function that are the same as the second function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  updates the shop product of a model class .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  updates   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  returns a queryset of proxied in a set of rgb color .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  give   rgb
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  add a path to the file system directory for a given path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  provides   path
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text with spaces .
truth: indent text . 
test:  add   paths
truth:  text   text

test:  create a menu kb languages .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  create   default
truth:  generates   null

test:  iterates over the source code .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  class decorator for creating a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current state object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   file
truth:  close   close

test:  returns the url to the given sites url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an image to simplifies format .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  start running bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  run   ssh
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls shown for kb a kb - id go through a list of: - id - id - id - id - kb list of: file name -
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a string or json compatible dict .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run owner on windows .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  run   a
truth:  require   a

test:  get a container value which get index or from the index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  create   parse
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  simulate the pwd_hash for the logs from the logs class .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup setup for the given setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a moref list of all object sizes to take into the specified container .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  customized a health token to actually json with the salt cloud storage .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  access   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return the named instances for this minion cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  weighted   return
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the name of the application revision .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sonatype plugin <custom+tools+plugin> .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   pollscm
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:float .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the metric distribution of the metric matrix .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   checks
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  send an event .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between two images .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   max
truth:  compute   compute

test:  execute the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  execute   update
truth:  save   null

test:  get_init case of a generalized diff string .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  get and display a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   a

test:  fetches a single valid endpoints for a given course url .
truth: view that . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests that the creation of a timezone-aware datetime objects are updated .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  return   github
truth:  get   get

test:  save a model instance as a string and returns a model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  zpk[ for a single transfer multiplication .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  share share the share links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  share   share

test:  aux function .
truth: process the message . 
test:  function   groups
truth:  process   process

test:  test whether a string represents a base name .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  wheter   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  create a new transport to an transport with transport by transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  create   find
truth:  get   transport

test:  replace a single password .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  estimate   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  returns the length of an image .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is used in posix columns .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  multivariate   gaussian
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield n permutations of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get value of a specific variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  get   function
truth:  use   a

test:  create a new copy of all functions .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  returns the search file for the specified file .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  returns   memory
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this is a string version of the given number of unique values .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  random matrix with convention and 2d matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure key with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace windows references with section number .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  replace   map
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert any plugin operations to a default domain object .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  upload a pid .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   return
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set an nats to the maximum copper with the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  push   kernel
truth:  null   space

test:  filter request .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  request   encodes
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a module by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a decorator that applies the db to each of its threadpool attribute of an interface with the given interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  calculates   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable in-place .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  name of a certain model matching a schema containing the given name or a schema .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path by path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   definition
truth:  get   portion

test:  generate the incoming unicode string generated by digest to generate .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  to   tests

test:  restart the aws identity .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  store   a

test:  calculate index of an input array .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  splits strings into multi-file .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  splits   exception
truth:  null   null

test:  submits a task to generate a background task as a background background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a function and return its resulting .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  an approximate object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  null   traffic
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add an initial numpy array to the available flowgram .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   add
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not filled .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator for querys authority methods .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  takes   a

test:  parse a dict and return the option pairs .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  split the date string into a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  split   null
truth:  format   format

test:  checks learning for qt server provide the same api as committed .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and partition entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   null
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return lmq lmq of f .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  multivariate   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet groups exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a network on a given parameters or group of tags .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   zpool
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals and represent order .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  merge   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make sure the ca ca file exists .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  insert   path
truth:  ensure   null

test:  print a signal that will be called by the given module and stderr .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  print   entry
truth:  assure   null

test:  return a dict of every host name the service profile name to apply to .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate inverse of the inverse given value .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  return one random string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container object from an auth or name and the container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with trainer data loaded into trainer .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the instance constraint or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the current date .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mixture from a symmetric matrix .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  split old style string into underscore seperated words .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   string
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of the named file named filepath .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  escape a shape under the block .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  push   variable
truth:  interpret   null

test:  returns true if extension is a type based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  look   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  do the collection of city .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  do   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores the twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the entry on the plugins system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   clone
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  save   add
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone from the system .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   figure
truth:  halt   null

test:  helper function for creating a sample matrix and returns a list of sample seqs .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a csr object from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a string that contains a key in the string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   find
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk image location of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  convert value to fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  null   utility

test:  split and return []http response .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  function   a
truth:  email   email

test:  a .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   b

test:  get a slightly key to a document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  document   document

test:  check if a string is an http range .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   framework

test:  set up the lms shell dbhost parameter .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  set   fn
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the total compute basis function from a set of polynomials .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  computes   null

test:  return real definite by real vector .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set a crafted input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   new
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of sequences based on the element and fill sequences .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  pivot   series
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that something can be converted to a string that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute the log of a linear log series .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   move
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of sepcified kind .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the input data so that the exponent of the input data .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalizes   copies
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must have same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  determines   item
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  helps check randomsymbols with values of various python versions .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  documents   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  replace characters that have a valid meaning in text by their entity in a valid meaning of simple characters .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  replace   timestamp
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an existing call['stderr']if application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decodes a numeric int from several numeric id into integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app with the given configuration .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  install   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   replace
truth:  update   update

test:  create the website instance for the given {'old' to use .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fftsurr relation for no order oscillator .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  null   window
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a list of available service sizes .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log msg .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  does the value matches the given field computed .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  does   field
truth:  value   value

test:  save the formatter from exif space and exif digits .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  plot   operation
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has s3 .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a json data about an body of the given target .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  return   function
truth:  pushing   a

test:  calculates the full path to the path portion of the service .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  creating a new tests .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  output   =
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite to symbolic symbolic elements .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  to   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the quantity graph represents a numpy array with passing turned for different or numpy array should check the quantity for the quantity .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  the little and var(p) a matrix from a return the alarm values .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create the entrypoint id that has a list of tuples .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  generate the user change uuid at the end uuid .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a mock loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   set
truth:  loops   loops

test:  returns a fully setup with both documentation .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for every stock stock handlers .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   number
truth:  allows   null

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   ssh
truth:  return   return

test:  show user unsubscribe setting for unsubscribed emails .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the ordereddict of an image .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  singular   product
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of query details .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the connection pool of the current thread .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  tests whether the matrix youre matrix when computing gradients .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   count
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the text message from the log .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   message
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  raise skiptest exception if given task is not a valid checker .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  raise   information
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers cli example: .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  apply a function that returns a fake implementation .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a bcache device with the bcache device name to a bcache object .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a list of installation statistics and value .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  string   string

test:  given a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with spaces replaced by a single space separated by a single space replaced by a single space replaced by a single space replaced with spaces replaced by
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  find   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  called on windows .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict with the entries of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update rules for a resource .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont need to terminate when they dont make sense .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return options name for module specified from a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the given watch module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the circular crossentropy of a categorical or binary classification .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   activation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns list of 304 in the 304 .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  iterate   verification
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* individuals between two points .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  loads binary image into binary coordinates .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize -> a list of .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check the unix notification of a path .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  check   access
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model model from model_file_name and return .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build an html snippet .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   html
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  check if the given post is in the request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  return   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  create an element for the passed profilelistfeed .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   build
truth:  create   a

test:  test with vcs options .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  null   null

test:  return full path to the python build file com @_sympifyit binary .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert incoming array to a function and returns it .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   decodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a new __init__ .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  compute   json
truth:  import   a

test:  set the parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  validate   up
truth:  module   module

test:  build a configuration line for the given key .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  shorthand for "cd" in the trips .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   html

test:  computes the console info dict for binary row-wise .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given string as an encrypted bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the specified socket descriptor to the given socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  compute letters string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  structured   checks
truth:  encode   encode

test:  if the user can view the suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a degree of f into a vector of the given number of f .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   gcd
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the record from a file and return as a numpy object .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   shortcut
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of unconnected objects for a given class name .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the device is properly handled correctly .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  check   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of users keys of the given users keys and the level keys .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  solves   users
truth:  computes   null

test:  read in xml file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  read   create
truth:  validate   a

test:  create a volumes volumes for a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  see dataframe for pandas columns in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  passes   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the given title object for use with given title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert links to a string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  load admin app list for a volume .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  load   null
truth:  get   get

test:  move history through the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  encode payload using base64 with a string .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   union
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a web server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator that checks if the response is in the make .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create command for windows .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  given   a

test:  get common common common return information .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  get   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the images on the system .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  download a cache content of unique key .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  waits for /{{=request to finish the given request .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   note

test:  test when given metrics .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  save   test
truth:  function   function

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  see   name
truth:  converts   converts

test:  creates a dict of tuples .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  copy an contents file and a file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  used to write an image of a disk image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  like cache-control but always works .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  close   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud data into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to skip test unless the criteria are true .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the users full file/folder .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  get   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  for builtins an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the version of the desired release file .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  generate   samples
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns proper int value from code or an int .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a byte string as an iterator .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   implementation
truth:  parse   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse concat_all for scenario/create .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  set symbols of a propositional function .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  puts   check
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed with the specific package to remove the viewed package to the line to the package to the
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given data are as a 64-bit flows to the binary .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  read   tool
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  checks to see if there is a user with the given settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching used for the reactor function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all dereferenced receivers from global tables this gets the given signal from the given signal using the given signal .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  return   disconnect
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  dotted   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an audio file for this audio key .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the inverse of the grains in the document .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  get   get

test:  get the point with each component the float array .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   loss
truth:  get   get

test:  resets the keyboard layout for the host is active on the host .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  force   returns
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  pools for accesses system in the output: system and throws 0 .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pass   time
truth:  null   windows

test:  estimate discrete features that is discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of the line that has line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  this function tries to delete the vm linked to a new one non non non vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  is   usage
truth:  stop   a

test:  *x* the samples that is enabled .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate pseudorandom number as random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  generate   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the package specified .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if g consists of an groebner .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  dictionary   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether or not an arbitrary polynomial can be converted to the arbitrary types .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  check   a
truth:  test   test

test:  test sure spectra that is properly used with html .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   image

test:  list installed perl zones .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a creates a rope folder and installs it to the checked .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a given header string into a given header dict .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a list of all the errors that pass more than one .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print a traceback message .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with the top exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the template layout that contains a text .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  render   a

test:  helper method to check if policy exists .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a simple wrapper around compatible .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  null   csv
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the traffic server nodes in the given expression .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  tries to find the list of files in the passed file .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  replace tan is input_shape and 1 .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  performs a temporary file on path .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a service that returns the given services this function .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  get   a

test:  check the current status .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  put   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the defaultdict chunks in the given file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  get   list
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape special characters of markdown chars .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  download data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  downloads   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add function to a target to its appropriate for multiline packages .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  save   input
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a queryset containing ids of the virtualmachine filter .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   os
truth:  null   null

test:  return a studio page of the given css page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create all messages from .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  create   translations
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to rebuild a new affiliates-role that correspond to the ancestor entities from the ancestor uuid of a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  estimate tfr source localization .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  estimate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of tuples in a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  search   get
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return an image with a gui if it exists .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns a team response path .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  given   a

test:  save language to the given store as application .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a file from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the name of a given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of the python modules found in the given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of lists suitable for use wit the tinymce external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  using   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the first word events for the specified git-rm(1)_ .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   profile
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the bound overlap are equal .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a bunch of tuples and return a list of tuples .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  execute   checks
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract multiple documentation and high documentation .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  wrap up the "ball needs to call needs to data .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  use   wrapper
truth:  function   decorator

test:  log key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get the date of a fallback string from fallback .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  get   number
truth:  format   date

test:  wrapper around open links .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of notification names that can be types .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset token and handles an user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  convert translatable to locale and translatable .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  join   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  return a ['#']for list .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   names

test:  makes the clip data so that it is going to a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   one

test:  returns string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new engine from the given modulestore .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   one
truth:  null   null

test:  apply the xlimits basis to the current sort gate .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  applies   null

test:  send the named service to download name the named service to identify .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a row from the cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   celery
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the sequence of elements of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print stack traceback of file from tsv database .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   up

test:  return the line in a list of the given corner point .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  return   randomly
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the content type of the bootstrap script .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  samples   samples

test:  wrapper for skeinlayer .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   return
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for course orphans .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  statement : statement to a python statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test that an functions are built as methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  search   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of this user has required to the given course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  the present in k[x] of f .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  raise   f

test:  updating a django user when logouts is created .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and a signle .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   fixes
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a directive name .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  do not display the process .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  do   logs
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the driver instance for the passed provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to the course with the given course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  measure of the nth name: distribution .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  measure   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  return   key
truth:  get   status

test:  return a list of global metadata at the provided csv key from an existing one .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  function   function

test:  merge an array that recursively runs the values from an commutative .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  perform a password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  loop   check
truth:  to   login

test:  convert a input string to input .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  prompt   input
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition can be submitted to another long .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  build the color and returns a _schema wrapped by a given color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  build   home
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  test   show
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the root directory of a root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a cache transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  validates pprint for given args .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  load   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a directory where the filename is given the filename substitution should be embedded .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  given   find
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator that after the decorated function is called from the db .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  test function for analog number validation .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  function   dhcp
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process all the legend in an anonymous console .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   tests
truth:  display   a

test:  return an articles string for the imdb with the given language format .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   ids
truth:  return   return

test:  no precomputed between two rows of sparse decomposition parameters x : array-like array returns the sample value of observations .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  copies   checks
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper on accessing a parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  extract the parsed text from the string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the 3d factorization of two independent polynomials and hid .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  compute   drop
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  logs the command-line args to log in a array-like graph .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  logs   add
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   null

test:  given a mini-batch object and a list of integers .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a string representing the mounted roots .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the python unicode number in bytes .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   size
truth:  file   file

test:  creates a cache class .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  creates   type
truth:  create   a

test:  kill a lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  allow   set
truth:  return   return

test:  username for a user with json .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  username   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  return dataset of yaml data from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute the loadbalancer from a muxer user .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   updates
truth:  compute   h

test:  get the index of page and info of basepath .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   versions
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a wrangle for clear_property connections from clients .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  multivariate   ip
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert to homogeneous and y color layers .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a matlab template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  changes   django

test:  first element in exprexpr .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of the given presence when job is emitted by server/portal is emitted by decreffing .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  new user form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this function can be used for a line of the user .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create an existing timestamp .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  create   call
truth:  null   task

test:  get the cubic path by path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  fill the value into a string .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the comment from cursor .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  move   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  helper method to get an object for a given address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a progress session called from a vm with the given user_id .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  returns   properties
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a colon wrapping exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  adds   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a tree to the same maximum tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  apply   functions

test:  check that line data with wrong table will make sense guess value for certain data .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert an integer to a small simplify .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   return
truth:  count   count

test:  check if the currently installed clock is raw .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  calculate   search
truth:  object   object

test:  test advanced i/o .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   x
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and a master on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  compute partial types for instance of an instance of cls .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  default   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular popular template .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the value followed by the given value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run this function .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  do some feature assumes each directory is separate too year .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  do   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all items in the context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  check if s is a string of it does this string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  s   return
truth:  function   function

test:  run alignment sequence within local string .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  run   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  format back atom file for complete .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  format   file
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates an bookmarks of all widget actions for the given module .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set a unique label title for the current test .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  true if a given class is a class instance .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a minimum file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  read   data
truth:  null   strings

test:  create exactly decorate master source code .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  an anonymous language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a carving for the given rocaucchannel .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  index page: displays all events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   events

test:  determine data from cache file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  determine   cache
truth:  create   a

test:  test if a specific extension is installed cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  if   display
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the cpu cpu number .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  function   function

test:  the binary buffer to a 64-bit integer .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] and a monic irrational .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether tests can be used as default .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns a list of possible elements .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   elements

test:  guess the image from the given image and return a guess that can be parsed through the given image headers .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named name .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a dict to a key/value pair .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an external dataverse account and updates it .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   api
truth:  verifies   new

test:  determine the status_id opening and the used for a given line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  counts   checks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess output colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  validate password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  password   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a datetime object from the python related to an attribute of another distribution .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  get   a

test:  catch a class this is suitable for accessing a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  catch   add
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a single service .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  this is a valid host-name name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  is   check
truth:  check   check

test:  creates a new graph that first nodes of type parameters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  creates   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a specific package as an upgrade resource name the version of the state to be enabled before the enabled clock api to get or not installed on this system
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  given a list of attributes and returns a cleaned string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists and name does not exist or not exist .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  use   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set descriptor for the descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get unpacked output from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by contributed huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to find the refs with the folder specified in the device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  compare   value
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes mean of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  computes the distance between two vectors .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  computes   processing
truth:  function   function

test:  a function for housing: .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   links
truth:  return   a

test:  create an owner and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the blob from the datastore and the sphere key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   metadata

test:  construct the rgb image instance .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns basic auth info with the required auth and key .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  returns   guess
truth:  null   http

test:  render a complex node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  retrieve cassandra name from typeclass even if found in typeclass dependency .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  constructs   like
truth:  given   a

test:  returns block device allocated to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  remove invalid components from % group .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get the value of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a binary image with an attached mask .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  result   result

test:  deletes inventory class that have been previously added by the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns the custom config of a module .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a single title from a given title and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  create a host information .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  null   bson
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2dismod for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  process that form is returned by the required process .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  process   replacement
truth:  null   a

test:  register one application with the given application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   variant
truth:  null   helper

test:  a context manager that overrides the django error thrown when the function fails .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  is   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes for processes matching a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   cleanup
truth:  processes   processes

test:  renders a comment for a comment status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  render   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer value of the word after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of handlers associated with the given plugin .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the transfer test of a transfer symmetric arrays .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is about a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for skipping test if the test case is enabled .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel point output .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  loop   path
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns a string of messages for the given language .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for computing the activation function .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  close   a

test:  get all output of the source version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  computes the f distance between two continuous 1-d arrays .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for device name .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  allow   returns
truth:  matches   device

test:  fix of nested command issues .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  function   issue
truth:  context   context

test:  extracts the links to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  extracts   attempts
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify a dict describing a boolean values .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  do   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the censure value correctly handles the expected value .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   error
truth:  null   difference

test:  parses dot leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  given   control
truth:  set   set

test:  look for the vbd that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  look   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  if the substitution has been imported .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  if   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that showing directory is running in the system .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   time
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a triangle linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   schedules
truth:  expected   null

test:  check for valid weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the current parent of a group name .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get a key* object for instance expired instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  look   up

test:  save all job data from all returners in multi_returner .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns a django profile instance currently used for new user .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  adds the mathjax script to the native script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  access   preview
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove the files that arent need to be included by the shape shape when creating the files that arent in .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if the given surface clause .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  change the users home directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  change   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  common scrub the console processor logs the console configuration option .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the error key to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  open an editor function for the given parent directory .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   paths
truth:  open   open

test:  check for deprecated in log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run up everything .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   server
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse all how to a list of keys in the output .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page of page page into a normal page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock for permission_code and python system .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   try
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - needed for searching for people by skill .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive space as a pointer object .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given block can be overridden by the given block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  generates a user name and returns a tuple .
truth: set user name . 
test:  generates   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create a path from the directories in the directory specified by the server .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the experiment conflict .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create and vector3s code .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if yaml loads statements in get_channel_programs(8): latex .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  load   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a suitable base value for a given value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read the way way from a way .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   import
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  null   agent
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a qt python dictionary w/ an rfc http request type .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the contents of the specified http http response code .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the vms names available .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for approximate the full numpy scalars give a regression or numpy array of angular and set angular the original class with a valid buffer .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a set of tuples to a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test file name for a test test data directory .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  creates {'ipsecpolicy' .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  creates   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style * x .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   image
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove old transcripts from store transcripts .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  gpu entry point for the collecting process .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add form .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent unindent options .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  mark   decorator
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: call another coroutine to enable another coroutine function .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates an instance of output variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate random string of externally characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  embed information about the resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  embed   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows a review request id from the request id and its final request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  get the unicode text from the string using the default text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object with proper scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  set   set
truth:  make   a

test:  return the return the return the return the return the return the return the return the nodes .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  echo 303 to description] with next server .
truth: create a role . 
test:  file   bind
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add another user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all show services .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  import a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  import   attempts
truth:  load   load

test:  format network commands .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  format   url
truth:  combine   null

test:  look for a list of attributes that are not created .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  look   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a map of an df_modelwc for framework requests .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the distance between two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  set   set
truth:  measures   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  unpause   fill
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a child child node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city lat .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  wraps a directory that creates the specified name .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  reverts views .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  translates   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the unique tan code .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   shuffles
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add a db to the compatible playlist .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  establish   a
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  return a dict with the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  index   index

test:  return a python string to hex .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  run   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of users that are found in the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   users

test:  return a list of statement usage and their names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  is   *
truth:  typing   null

test:  fake large random number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject fields that have been enabled by the course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  module   a
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a detailed html of a named html of a show .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run the given command from the given python process .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the storage for the given network device .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the function to show functions of all globally targets .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  extract value from the given list of possible tuples .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a function for the given target .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add an http request to an existing list of data .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  source   add
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks parameters needed for fulfillment .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure filename matches pattern with given type encoding and that match the pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  make   a
truth:  find   element

test:  converts arg to a tuple of values .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  is   multiple
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  construct an object holding a local where the given attribute at the year .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  truncate a blob from a tar stream .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a task search as pending depth for statistical smoke .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  marks   assert
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph of the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach the tags sorted data structure to a particular object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   dumps
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a default set of members for the default set of members .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  finds a migratin with the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve all adapters from the database .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  retrieve   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  user view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve a polynomial matching one number .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return the ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  return   install
truth:  install   install

test:  some simple integration function .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  signal   execution
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to enable modules listed by a worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the literal value for a literal .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check a value for a valid value .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  pulls the job jobs and return a boolean indicating whether it is extra data .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a default maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  help   help

test:  calculates common keys unless the given key .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  calculates   list
truth:  null   items

test:  basic current user and user authentication information .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   backend
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the target keywords that are safe to represent the target .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize decorator to cause automatic functions in a function .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  caching   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that require more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   remove
truth:  use   use

test:  process javascript to process html markup for a javascript file .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   html

test:  extracts a list of messages that match a given locations .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sorts   multiple
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find the absolute path to the relative file .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  search   search

test:  f-statistic xml records for a particular item in a database .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login for a given user .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  calculate the png file with the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  identify   text
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return true if the given directory is a virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize and configure logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   sphinx
truth:  logging   logging

test:  stop profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  stop   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in default columns .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   current
truth:  run   run

test:  registers the multipart events .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  registers   add
truth:  start   a

test:  query the waits for one or more repository status[ to use .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  query   list
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of the vms .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   table
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the region name that matches aws arch code .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only return if influxdb lib is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   virtual

test:  allows us to work on instrument .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  patch   patch

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stopped   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  custom view which returns a new requests .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a best inside_closedpath to utc form .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  validate detail and returns the form that matches .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  gets   replaces
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sonatype plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   acknowledge
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   group

test:  returns all objects in privkey .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   attributes
truth:  wraps   a

test:  attempt to decode a command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  takes a team name and converts it to an instance .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a number string into a human-readable string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return an openstack metric for name in the value .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   function
truth:  change   change

test:  provide setting of locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  warnings   locale
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the docker request on the labjackud stack stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  return the name of the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a set of ip_nonlocal_bind from a given axes kind .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes as input value and returns a list of integers .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  takes   runs
truth:  search   search

test:  support support for a given url .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  get the traffic server that matches the given campaign and promote .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   traffic

test:  add a nick to the mysql table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given context .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  performs the locate database cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  installed   display
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when a interpreter is run for writeable .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  dummy function to enable jquery animations for the given page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  define   a
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate the list of diff numbers for a given diff constructed and replace the number of columns .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  calculate   replace
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert the 'bundle' contents to a new command line .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   stats
truth:  model   model

test:  same type as second .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   json

test:  authenticate using requests .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  build a phone index for the possible index .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  build   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  parse one or more option names into another .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  to   callback

test:  raise an exception if not already present in the string .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  raise   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator for registering the cifar-10 prompt function or a class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculate multivariate waffle totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  null   stream
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the closed issues are closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  toggle   one
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that categoricals image can be initialized .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   ticket

test:  the install and try to compute our app .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  to   fix
truth:  null   a

test:  check the configuration from the api can be used to clone the changes .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  install   a

test:  get the test microversion and returns whether test needs to be changed .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  get   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a floating constant into tuple of dimensions .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  checks entrance of the new student in the student specified .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  create user input from recurrence .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  create   up
truth:  assumes   null

test:  convenience function .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  function   output
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for seconds .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   datetime
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  does basic printed for both the integers were n .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  plot   attribute
truth:  null   basis

test:  for computing group g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this hook is used and saves the reply messages .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   add
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  find the current path to a container .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return weighted metric scaling given the trees passed in an abundance model .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  extracts   one
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate html strings to a given tag and return the given content containing the given content .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  source   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate the first continuous position as if were continuous .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the given value is in an array of characters for the given unix matrix .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the intermediate location from segment .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   control
truth:  get   get

test:  basic opengl configuration and possibly configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of rows in a sparse matrix .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  from github issue averaging with an exception that is an exception .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes the given string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension in ipython and return the 8-bit .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   load

test:  get a config backend for a specific backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a simple client .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  to   a
truth:  called   null

test:  passing a valueerror into 'mjd' .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  github   check
truth:  check   length

test:  return a request from the request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   hex
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the optional certificate has necessary permissions .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return the erroroninsteon username and all nzb :return: a new host .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  if   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get the version of the package containing tests .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  double : expr | expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge double .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a given value .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an object to scalar or scalar objects .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  given   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute weights of given matrix .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) between two independent objects of labels .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  transform the given number of and old abbreviations .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  host   decodes
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  from github issue characters in a objective identifer .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  make   null

test:  publish all demo collections to bracket .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  cookie a cookie header back into a cookie dictionary .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  null   response
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a set of images that are currently managed by the given image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a 3- si to a string .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the current systems module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  null   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a key and match the details .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return the repository for the given repository and repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  returns a function that maps gating to contents .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the daemon .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find the name of the object that implement the provided method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  if   find

test:  create a fake component of type summary for use in one of the file .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full tables or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  format   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int int to binary format .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generate a date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return true if json output is json output of json output .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  create an element list for a given schema which is either an ordered list of schemas or an unsigned list of schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  utility function for would parse a blob from .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  function   create
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the qos to network association .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   state

test:  this function is used to bypass multiple times in the database .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   union
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros sequences into a single mro using the following algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   bind
truth:  merges   mros

test:  return the given text with newline leading newlines .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and xml signature .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity activity for matching the year .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a test that uses servicepair for testing purposes .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dictionary of none attributes for the provided 'browser' .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   null

test:  generates the shape of the first sum along the specified shape .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  generates   like
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the datastore .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  get an entry for the api client .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  releases   releases

test:  returns the n-th expansion of a and positive functions of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  requests a soft/symlink version that will only store clsid .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  is this a special filename .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  normalize the given argument .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  performs *plain* keys in the shared element .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  push   element

test:  write a file to the previous acoustid .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find an intermediate rechunk that would take some steps in the graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   up
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  add   user
truth:  create   a

test:  searches for the directory where a file is located in the directory is a given sdk .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  converts a numeric instance to a list of length .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes json object so that it can be embedded in javascript safely be embedded in a <script> string .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  expand a domain name for the given pipeline and return a new elastic pipeline in the format .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns a random edge node .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  pass me a webob request to the home page and return a dec object .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return package path to directory in directory os .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  return the appropriate weblate page to link in a weblate {% signup_form %} if request is present .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  return   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert data to a timestamp query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the list of courses access to the given view_type .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute reduced and g with f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  grant   polynomial
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a string containing sql rtn .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  function   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep --> the system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install the application .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   install

test:  get an attr name for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  get   unicode
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv style via pyenv and installs it .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  initialize the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  initialize   package
truth:  configures   configures

test:  helper to pick a bad subtree .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  build   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a table of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  log   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  checks what the class should be distribution_finder inside strings .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  stage the region of the grid portion of the given list or units .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method to make a deep ell strings .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  null   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test that the given strings can accept valid expressions of usercontributionsmodel .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  null   ^

test:  return image with given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds the modules with the hash path and the data queue match by the analysis needed to the analysis queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  submit   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  ensure that the sympy variable is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert a communication rdata type into a tuple of option .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check for setting value of int and convert to an existing table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check that the given name is a valid python binary and has cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a vcenter instance type for the provided values .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a toctree for a given document .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a dictionary of datetime objects into a log .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a regex for the specified value from the javascript search string .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  a page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  test the gettext for the given domain .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  null   build
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default get passed input works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  error checking for the coordinate sequence .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  error   error

test:  create the continuous taxa of taxa summaries for each taxa summaries .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sorts   null

test:  read binary word header .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  read   one
truth:  loads   null

test:  extract the request param in the session .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  generate a list of all the testsuite classes in a test suite .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the pytest auth page with the given request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test minimal info from /proc/meminfo entries for many collection .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes scenario and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   description

test:  returns text .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  configures the given path for a path to the ipv6 app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that random minima of elements when both same length labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  generate   isolation
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a url .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  paste   list
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all join classes into a string .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  function for displaying expressions in unicode characters .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests that random results for the integer results .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  tests   implements
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the new aggregate id for this host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   add
truth:  host   host

test:  do a selected plugin .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the whitespace whitespace whitespace .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  resource header for resource .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  enable   a

test:  converts a dict to a python int .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the array to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting int into flat proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a binary string from a binary file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   function
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add gdb to a temporary file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  save   a
truth:  source   a

test:  construct the prefix of a pathname url based on prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  url   url

test:  load a hermitian job parameters data : array the original dask matrix .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  left   null

test:  fetches a feedback suggestion with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new boilerplate page .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   click
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   replace
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a wall from a list of pairs .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  strips html tags from jinja and dont crash for all links .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  fixture   reverse
truth:  text   text

test:  this method calculates the server table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   checking
truth:  add   race

test:  performs the 'search/mobile/down down a template .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  performs   djangos
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the harmonic mean of an array of lists .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  is used for the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  is   return
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  set default memoize function for arguments .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute the approximate transform for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a simple html form for a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  replace successive reciprocal libraries .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  replace   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  generate a random string .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file having a file name .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  call a function with a imp .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  execute the given runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape special characters of whitespace characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  require a mysql user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication profile .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   start
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts the string representation of an xml to a plotly .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  process   root
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  checks if filename is a valid 'notes' .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  performs the last time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  performs   number
truth:  calls   calls

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default dtype for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   dtype
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output output output output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  access data for an course section to the analytics section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  migrates   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  computes the score for array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  computes   key
truth:  regularized   null

test:  order the given column element by present in column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  order   a
truth:  given   null

test:  reads a esxi reader string from a given datastore .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  reads   change
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns the image of the image art for a given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  download   list
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a list of items that are represented by a tree or dictionary .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the mail .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url in the context path url : url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class type for given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  output   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validates the configuration keys and replaces any hints .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test simple training gets missing from content after common do not have common between prlctl data .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  open the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  is   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  marks the endpoint for the endpoint of a shared type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  marks   assert
truth:  return   return

test:  like timesince .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  like   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter options .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  test that the shortened is done in the list are disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapped wrapper of the polynomial blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   shortcut
truth:  document   document

test:  calculate random number generator with some kind of state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  fetches   assert
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this is a yaml dictionary .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  is   virtual
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a constraint number to a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mean binomial t and variance segmentations .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert data to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return func .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  filer hybrid mode .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a string to a single space from the string that contains exactly separator .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if user is visible to view the name .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  determines   null

test:  decorator that ignores a message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   task

test:  wrapper around a list of sequences .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  capitalize   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   function
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a posix time string to an json-compatible object .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   context
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered loop from boundary index .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  index   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run stdout and executes a new command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  get current current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  create intercept of intercept intercept process parameters coefs : ndarray should be an array of intercept matrices .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  produce   linear

test:  create a fork and apply to the interpreter of a fork event loop .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   accept
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to format the current token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  do   in
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version of distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   kernel
truth:  determine   null

test:  generate total data cluster with the logical in_stream .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  generate   timestamp
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil file to binary .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  to   -
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the process is not there .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  return a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the current cache file for how many test data .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  read   connect
truth:  reads   null

test:  that timestamps in detail .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  is   null

test:  create a dataframe for a given curve parameters curve : str object .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   populate
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the specified member of the specified group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generates a new multi-dimensional file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  bootstrap   dynamic
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a tablespace with a tablespace server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  if   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file filename .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision date to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  create the checkout of vispy files .
truth: main function . 
test:  create   dumps
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string of binary between two given a listener .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a compact buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   list
truth:  reads   null

test:  set angle in an image according to the given axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  create   numpy
truth:  null   projection

test:  create a dot response for a given tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  create   configuration
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the list of vagrant extensions from n attributes .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable sigmoid sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the timezone of the form field .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   current
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  create a task until it returns none .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  create   paths
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from a full projects config file names and extract the result from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the 'data' line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file path path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup root loggers and loggers for relative to the logs loggers .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  process the task id .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  own   call
truth:  stop   a

test:  get pillars output to negatives and loop .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  loop   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator for deprecated bugs .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the communication between this queue and the pending ids .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes the strict logarithm for a linear filter .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  computes   handles
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: priority-sorter check if the block variables exists in the console log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   database
truth:  null   null

test:  open a file to the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  open   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the fraction of a given spline .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on provided sync with provided host and fills them to the provided sync .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return key descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  return   timestamp
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the data found in the environment variable .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   null

test:  default form function .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  cache   translation

test:  returns a course in the organization .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  returns   downloads
truth:  create   a

test:  try to build a resource from the system path specified by home directory path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   user

test:  get a public ip for the given network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract the tarball from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is next .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify substitution with apply_async thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  gets the environment variable for this request .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the second tree hash and a given tree .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  combine   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function to apply an object into the tuple .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  null   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the arguments in tuple .
truth: return a window . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  divide two jailsconfiguration arrays .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  called   helper
truth:  performs   null

test:  runs a function as an arg_scope .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the subscripts string as a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves linear differential equation with lots of equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   translation
truth:  null   equations

test:  print a various script help string .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  simulate a computenode description for the spm in the spm directory .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  find   find

test:  a convenience function for $ eliminating eliminating if no arguments satisfies the same meaning from the request .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region code that is regions by a specific country code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  generates a random tables .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   one
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  convert a string to a changelog .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  convert   checking
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of contents for the top summary page .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory and its parents .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  a fixture that keeps values from a particular type .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an xml element and return the result of the atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  gets the resource by ref .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to json .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete async model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  the linear sequence .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   f
truth:  return   a

test:  stop all existing vm .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  stop   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  like text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure control nodes by the cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the given arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  check if a given request after request headers are cors livestreamer martelli from the session .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  if   parses
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the attributedictionarykey or object .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email addresses into a single clause .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a formatted time of the current thread .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a route table from the specified name or id & name .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true if the user is completed entries that the user is completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the gui .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  to   code
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of guest methods .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a return b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the inverse of *text* .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient when logic is committed .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of the sites views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the default spatial distance between a 1d transfer function .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   parse
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this function checks to see if the organizations is valid .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  converts   urls

test:  generates generates points from axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return a list of the named service names .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  return   output
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey font file by extracting a dictionary of extracting data from the afm on the afm font font device codes by extracting the afm font
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get path to directories .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  is there a string a degree .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  is   module
truth:  input   input

test:  init the _get_submissions_score policy for configuration .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of all interfaces for the account .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  correct   get
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that checks that the user is the permissions .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take a power power power of an image given the frac string and a power response .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  find   current
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate the version number of data delete for the list .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  remove   virtual
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  fullscreen current fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   current
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the url .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  returns   replacement
truth:  routes   routes

test:  build a bytestring folder filename .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  build   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  log loglikelihood of a vector with cholesky decomposition and regardless .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  samples of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  divide   one

test:  input a network object .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  input   project
truth:  return   return

test:  efficiently generate a list of collectionsummarymodel sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  chunks   function
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the jedi quadratic matrix .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  weighted   *
truth:  compute   values

test:  performs pvector field of recalculation .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  return a string for use in the series/index .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  return   errors
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   url
truth:  makes   null

test:  make the string of international persons .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  get the vpc options for an existing vpc id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  get   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target number - source = scipy .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  check if the fileserver backend is salt fileserver backends .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  if   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  chunks   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reload to reload a given name in links require a working feature .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  require   null

test:  return the function that raises an exception if it returns false .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  return   method
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path to a directory and a file with a filesystem path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  a function variable .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  function   a
truth:  update   update

test:  initialize initialize application .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  like   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  this method is used to catch invalid output from process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   worker

test:  call a connection to the given user .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  issue   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a gpg object from the salt keys and secret keys of the order .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the line that is available for the specified formats cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  counts all contents of leading lines .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  return   number

test:  transform a transformation into a tuple of tuples .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user and logout message .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  print out user information .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adding various s3 id to each migrate needed .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a class instance in the module class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates a list of subclass attributes on every page .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  calculates   get
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used and array_like the worker until this is points .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message to stderr if an existing hostname was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  return the push push for a single node .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  return   source
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean corresponding to a forum course rolename set of users access exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd file for operating information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  make   test
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api with the pypubsub specific installed .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  give to tar create the backup backup and logging into the corresponding *dir* directory .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  tars   null

test:  an iterator to maintain a sequence of lists .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests that hugs exception wrapper should be used as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  search the docstring to run for sys .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  search   list
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the provided url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a port group with the host system with the host system tags .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  toggle   current
truth:  find   a

test:  set the path to the system log file .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  to   try
truth:  null   mac

test:  get a repository base file name .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a service by hostname and topic it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a server from a network to a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the valuation from this statement .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reads a list of tuples .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the users avatar for their avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  sums   serialize
truth:  render   render

test:  returns whether the given script is currently configured .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the configured reader for the specified module .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return process_memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   case
truth:  return   return

test:  is used to describe a process and return its depth .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  solve the binary matrix of n with binary indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  add the given vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   paths
truth:  add   vertex

test:  callback for plural positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  called   implementation
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check the root absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid saving the console loggers to get log logging .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the console settings for the account settings .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  sets   sets

test:  marks the value as a phone value .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if a instance name exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  split a mobile token object using the specified phone .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines to the switch running lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  add   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module that the library is assigned to __init__ .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  builds a document to store the document for json .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  builds   compare
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  yield user defined in a directory .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  attributes   generator
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  index   session
truth:  put   put

test:  produce one node and produce the given node .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validate that the ip is local .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the ip is an ip address for existing qboxlayout .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  check   a
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes the required version number to git api only .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  decorate   check
truth:  git   git

test:  a more sensible you might delete output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns a list of all the grains that are not supported by the process .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that an indicates if a string is a valid python id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert datetime object to the nearest datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  turn   a

test:  add a function to the values of tagged variables .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  add   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a due key in the inputs .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a signature into signature when compiled its signature is - returns the contents of this one .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  prepend   view
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the directory of this package is stored .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   get
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dom dom people by applying a very ngrams function .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  memoize   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the object has the given path to a user .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator to processes a cache method with a cache name .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a common annotation of a in the desired b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a + b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all objects that are available as a lists of all documents .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  object   count
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist lt expr | ruleitem le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr power expr .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  dummy view that returns an empty response .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  function   statistics
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a fake unzip script sequences for writing files .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  expect the method such that the function is not functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string in an if it already exists .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns the file name of a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  loads default characters from a server string .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  inspects   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff users that the given user is allowed to .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a function to the attribute of this decorator applies a method on your view .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  get a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a helper method that returns cart from the user who removes the optional period contained in the format .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  send email address .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  clear   i
truth:  send   a

test:  wrapper around input file .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  null   results
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper for subpixel .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  null   key

test:  compute in_progress stats between two numbers and snmp data .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  test the powerschedule version of erfa .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  producing   checks

test:  generate an appropriate type of the given interfaces .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to mark a task into the provided task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  turning   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  install output .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  install   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  trivial expression for x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database database object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  create the exception frames to match extensions and frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  move   filesystem
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the text .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops with the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified class exists and is shutting graceful .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker process .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print a table of color .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  run a local name with python related node .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the opkg repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all objects .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path components into a directory .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert timestamp to a flat internaldate string .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  log error if error is set correctly .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  prepares   windows
truth:  make   strings

test:  returns successful action status .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  cached   replacement
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a function and return a single environment with the given arguments .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return attributes of user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests retrieving in case we are always having to show .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  record   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the value of a configuration file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  entry point for the main script .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  training   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory for asks values from the current top separator .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  used   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  mock test for local env .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  ensures   attributes
truth:  run   unittest

test:  perform the given expression .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  is   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  check if a theme exists in the given theme uuid .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  code   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : small_stmts small_stmts small_stmts small_stmts readline: .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  file_input   suite
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the tropo - all modified controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg in which a link points are stored in the given distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy fields from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   validation
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary string with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  like   like

test:  items[item][ horizontally horizontally .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  perform an example tensor of capacity given string .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  run   properties
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses an iso 8601 date and returns a python date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a function that iterates the result from a specified smooth .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  read axes of an array after axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements with elements inside the document and files_versions elements .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handle a service manager .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  when a helper is zero .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  print without arguments .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  null   size
truth:  null   null

test:  port tags of the interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  lists   tags
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute the difference between two 5x5 + a and bem .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  give   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh z number from the values of a gaussian equation .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown fields to markdown fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  force   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  put one of the labjack for a specific output to an appropriate version .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  put   sizes
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns whether a function is not implemented for symbol information .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a numeric integer to a list of asks .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  block   block

test:  convenience function to write a template of template identities .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  function   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression test for bug storage .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  url   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to print xml tags and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  to   options
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this will replace a new set of html urls with a new get_html object that will correctly adds their position in the form .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera thermostats .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a flow_stmt + precision is a small date .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   precision

test:  extract a sql column names from the type specified by type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  extract   new
truth:  return   return

test:  get information from a single username or none .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict in the given prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get python version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns the screenshot for a particular draft based on a particular draft .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the time representation of an infinite time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  turn   time
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the datastore_pb object .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cached   null

test:  configure the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the user uid is uid for the specified user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  convert   user

test:  get the absolute url to a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  does a policy get/create a there is a system request url and returns information on a engine object .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a python file using the filename .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   output
truth:  load   data

test:  turn a string into a single space .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  open   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  read a stack manifest manifest according to stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  read   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the translated ids and default values .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore config .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   mark
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a path for a directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   filters
truth:  make   worker

test:  checks if the arguments is a key that can be a key or a dictionary of values .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  friendly string validator for directives .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  convert an object into a course id string format .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test the scripts tests .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  search   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a module given its absolute path library or dotted module .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  as can not make sense stage functions url if a table has a num_steps: format .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the name to .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  maxbytes -> str get the contents of a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  gets the device partitions for a list of partitions .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  substitute   disk
truth:  array   array

test:  wrap the given policy to height .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  gets   size
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator function to yield the length of a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  function   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the path relative to the tests/ directory .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a campaign feed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the actual loncapasystem for the given distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  return   query
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict to all files it contains .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  get the path for storing a non executable .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  computes shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the following one-letter algorithm .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  context   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the rackspace service on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  convert an image to the multiset_partitions_taocp color format .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove specified package with pkg_delete multiple package to delete .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  execute the inheritance template for a template with the given context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  check if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   query
truth:  verify   null

test:  user add page .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  computes tokens for the room class .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  issue   get
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  wrap the specified string with tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim linear search algorithm so we can include unused length .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the arguments to use by a function takes keyword arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create the atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   get
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  save a test unless a database has redis to scale .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  insert   output
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  null   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  send some summary about the alias .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a random biostar of the items to match a distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  create   a

test:  delete an existing resource instance .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  delete   delete

test:  connect to the host and return a free free socket representing the host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  run off the signal on a cuda host .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  run   return
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  render the given data in request to populate the given log .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  render   searches
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the asset files for the vm server default .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  show the usage of the specified css environment .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a random global module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   key
truth:  returns   a

test:  call to invoke the output type .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  command   command

test:  this is a valid python module and returns a dictionary of valid classes and the value is valid .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  is   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  get   information
truth:  print   print

test:  set the global ui object .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  set   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  tries to find the name of the given path .
truth: remove " . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name for the stream that is found in the caller .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  get default form for meta .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a public certificate signature according to an encrypted certificate .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  get   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  execute a command targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  execute   copy
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a helper function to strings of the native string strings .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a 2 2 ipv6 header to new version .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  import and return the file .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  evaluates   get
truth:  return   return

test:  split a string into gensim newline and the minimum newline .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   null
truth:  given   a

test:  prefix the prefix for use in a resource .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  prefix   response
truth:  given   a

test:  automatically creates a file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  register   function
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  moving   null

test:  convenience to add a string to graph .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   handler
truth:  adding   handle

test:  helper for reading a url to the invalid url for the given url .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  if   check

test:  convert lines of lines to lines .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  convert   gml
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  helper function to open a file of a digitalocean of fs .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode to the string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  unicode   strings
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the average inverse of the specified set of values .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the specified course for the specified course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   loops
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities string for the given capabilities .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   unpack
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the machine used for the process .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  add provides provides class classes to be met .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  add   add
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  return the composite mask of a composite mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   step
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  tests   interface
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language requests for the 'facility headers .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  gets the current meas id for the given date .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace characters with characters replaced in the string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator useful to create a hsp item with a cascading name .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  that are lists of evaluated header to be checked against inverse list of headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   path
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse given xml file into a string .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generates a configuration secret by settings from a service .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  verify that an queues is for the specified queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the string into a sequence of html .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   method
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the given string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  utf-8   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid info for the given status .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  replace block device to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance for a managed instance .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return current time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  filter   filter

test:  checks the sigterm exit .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  checks   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service name cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  return the flag module if package is not enabled .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves an lowering decomposition of a matrix of equations .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  return a random subset of states with the given state .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  a decorator to designate and sets a module check if one is not a module .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   test
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generate 3-byte ints from an open binary file .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  hsv   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements from the file in the iterable list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   indices
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a single result from a text .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  display   render
truth:  render   render

test:  check if the repository can be skipped .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  if   uses
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates a given value for a list of sequences .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  simulate context manager that acquires a text descriptor on an server .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that enables notifications for the user .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  view   api
truth:  call   call

test:  given a function .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  given   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only return if requests and y are installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  helper for the specified directory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   process
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  take template types for given audio directory name .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  get   get

test:  handle commands to log categories for an existing term .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  return the sample ids from a numeric int or got is got .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   output
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne summary validation .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list the interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  list   list
truth:  gives   a

test:  execute a single json url from a service .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   call
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the most recently anonymous date for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  determine   course
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of categorical units specified in final role .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  time   time

test:  compute the color choose between two values .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  return sparseseries .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear transformation of x by x or x type of y when one or both types and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   dot

test:  reorders the current web browser .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  resizes   handler
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return system default library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   open
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  perform 2d fft of data .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  indices   edit
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  warn   log
truth:  log   log

test:  decorator to ensure that the default bucket get timeout : async instance .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   doc
truth:  null   null

test:  parse an expression and return an antlr tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an integer to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists a sink .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  shutdown   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  is it a python directory a package directory? .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test #3160 against integrate .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   email
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the given index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns value with the current user .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  value   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the key function that belong to the given ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an identity variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  check if a non-existing line ending in a slice line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   like
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random random length for externally nouns .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify the attribute found in attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry the instance on the instance .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   calling
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  false whether the presence of the boilerplate surface is a valid convolution .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable cuda dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if *obj* is collection and not a list .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   tests

test:  .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  module   null
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the elastic ble tv configuration .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests how many test pool is installed and decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  tests   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  code pathname based on various code .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  code   multiply
truth:  contract   a

test:  create a file to move .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   a

test:  reads all the contents of a file .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  reads   update
truth:  find   find

test:  drop the data from multiple epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  unregister   indices
truth:  equalize   null

test:  given an url .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get state with state interupted .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find a file with a full path and return the list of files .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   in
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if required libs is installed and load runner only if they are present .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  to   test
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a turn string to be updated with the client .
truth: given a request . 
test:  replace   directory
truth:  given   a

test:  do not change the models .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the items as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return the course for expired enrollment data .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  format the number to a string of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   count
truth:  return   n

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that tests if not installed .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write the given data to a remote file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove the default service .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return the thing for a boolean .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   checking
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image variables to set image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  color   return
truth:  sets   optional

test:  display a renderer renderer_name for the given package .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  render   null
truth:  using   null

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true if any element satisfies the sequence satisfies true value .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site associated with the current request .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  only run this module if the kernel is installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find a sysctl parameter string .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  used in the conundrum clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the new facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the generated
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   exclude
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get the significance remaining references from the closest remaining verbosity .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  to   add
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  class decorator that enables the appropriate class of an base class derived from the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  object   a
truth:  null   version

test:  extract all issues from issue .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   references

test:  given a dict with the given exploration id and version .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file name .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if line points to ) or ] or ] or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  find   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 prn: and print packet --> none .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  kbengine method .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  is   null

test:  train a model that runs the unenrollment graph .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  merge   inference
truth:  model   model

test:  turn a string into a probability distribution .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  tspec read_time: by template .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  null   return
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a github profiles is a github thestateof"{ the name .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  return the last date of tweets correctly for they .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  changes a command from a exponents .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  display   a
truth:  run   run

test:  does a single prefix object reallocation with prefix .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  list   reseller_prefix
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the statement statement as being messages from a decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an s3 object to s3 location .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  run a string with comma separated output .
truth: utility function . 
test:  run   font
truth:  function   function

test:  to save and converts none to mr .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  equivalent to milliseconds milliseconds in milliseconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  perform a single conda expression with a path .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  given   none
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  upcast function to find one argument to marker nodes .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the returner modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  decorate the test method so we can be set .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  collect   test
truth:  make   a

test:  wrap request handler methods with this decorator to require that the database is an 404 .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo storage .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  redirect token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  requests   maps
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  prints the time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse 2d fft for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the error returned when a session doesnt yet support it if the session exceptions .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  returns a single file from a specific path to the grains cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  score   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check the value of a configuration dictionary and returns a list of option pairs .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get top part of a point .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a hierarchical cipher object with the given key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   contrast
truth:  linking   linking

test:  read the contents of a text file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  reads the given word and returns a tuple of values .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes a string from a buffer .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  null   read
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns an integer if necessary and is pretty photos .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public keys and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  fires before executing worker .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   task
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  generate a single request .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   n

test:  the main entry point for a particular service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  call   call

test:  display the dwindle dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a user is choices in the list .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   action

test:  generates a branch clades to a given tree .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return none if not available .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test that presence works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine whether it can determine if an element with a list .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this method tries to find the redemption code that it will also exist in the supplied code and return the roughly if not yet .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   changes
truth:  null   method

test:  given a string of raw words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  given   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests the creation of a timezone-aware timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks whether the current transaction requires a commit rollback" transactions .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  load the diskfile tests that should be able to have the same path .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  return user details .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  count number of barcode in a given barcode .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  count   score
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the list of all job ids .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper function to get the type name from the given type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   return
truth:  string   string

test:  returns server version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get requirements for all invalid data paths .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  read   variables
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  compute md5 hash of a given filename .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the column that is using the native library .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  extracts a file reference from matlab then move to start_response() times .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  close   a
truth:  move   move

test:  rename a path and all file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  rename   attempt
truth:  move   a

test:  do the text string .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  do   shortcut
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the ready type of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  vqsturng * the os x + shape .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the path to the xml file .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  load   load

test:  checks required errors between errors in header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  used   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  null   password
truth:  file   file

test:  print a histogram .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   searches
truth:  plots   plots

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file name .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  add the contents of the input operator to the corresponding one .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  display the chop dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns string that are very flux pattern .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register the rendering probes module .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  get the bits of a square matrix as a positive integer .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  loads all the empty plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  import info and system-ca-bundle .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  import   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  get objects for the adapters .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   nth
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a reverse generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the lowest strings arent all messages or pip .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns false if the same config is configured .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a command on an existing command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return a oslos weak reference to a callable target -- the name of the given target .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  create an image context for glance image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  create   image
truth:  get   size

test:  generates a version string as a tuple of the version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  undoes   null

test:  return an array for an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file id and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan a video file that is a matched .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  scan   scan

test:  randomly choose a random integer into a tuple with the given circuit table .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  null   running
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given restapiid and deployment name cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  calculates   get
truth:  get   api

test:  get a normalized string of a boolean and return a normalized string of the units "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the getrlimit number as an infinite resource cli example: .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  return   version
truth:  close   close

test:  implement implement the nose start hpi from a stack .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write file into two data_files .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  file   reduction
truth:  download   download

test:  loads the object into [ file .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   verifies
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns a user object to perform a specific email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable the post excepthook for ipython animations .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an artifact tool looks like a multi-part tool file .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  check   check

test:  return percentile of vector with most square root of the vector square .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  leading   standard
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively create a directory from the tree .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  function   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  using dummy dummy version of a dummy dummy version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  decorate   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform sys .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  executes a command with the given subprocess .
truth: run setup . 
test:  executes   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  serialize the topooptimizer dict and return a json string for json .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  serialize   function
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically try to run the wacky was installed and make it available as a tuple .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for rectangular 0 .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  list the hosts for an hosts .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a sequence of tuples .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  search   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the size of the given object obj .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  traverse   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of range values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  a helper function to add tests to all the internal modes .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run f on ssl files and return f if it was known .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   function
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to list of strings that are regex there:: used for comparison characters .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  string   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  calculate the numeric metric of a list of integers .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  calculate   value
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence into one item in the sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  introduce   element

test:  check if necessary .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  if   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github user by name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all compute ip ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: two types by at least two types of compilers: unix options .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test factor .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   wether
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a course_id for root of the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   create

test:  get options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  get   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  an absolute filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  null   return
truth:  open   a

test:  returns a data structure from the given problem .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  load   dummy
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar lt le expr | output minus program newline times expr | expr ge expr | true equals expr .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a given module and returns a tuple of dicts .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm of f in a sympy expression .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get the hours stream for the name of the stream with name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  round   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  insert the given maximum node split to the p-value .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  insert   multiply
truth:  add   add

test:  try to work out a gui partition id into an hrd partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  get   app
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the entire hash for a user .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  open   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  tests that the creation model works in dataset is root .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  build otu sample ids in sample file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager for creating a default app parameters .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the keivox return the api of a service .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the given path to all following files .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to guess a topojson node from a tree and keyword arguments .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  average pooling 1d expression .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get the index of a directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  score   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate canonical characters that match socket and name .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterate   test
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert the area of a given distribution .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  expand a line number in a line .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  null   serialize
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that an expression node only contains expected results .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   values

test:  replace the second property and returns the current site .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  hits   bytes
truth:  executes   a

test:  returns the expected class .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the low-level thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse the linter .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get issues of a single page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  hits   hits
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator for api calls to be logged in order .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  boolean   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  args: variable : list of objects to none for quickfix .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  is   t

test:  returns the full database type for the supplied database .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of required ids for the given repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the tuple of index .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the modjk http balancer cli example: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes message to a log file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   null

test:  check if proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the x-frame-options view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export raw file format to a file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds a new communication arithmetic arithmetic element to an external value .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   new
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the numpy array of data .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case of characters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  zigzag transform: encodes a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  utility to run a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  test that correct fset should be changed .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  checking   header
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily email about djangos email sent .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  entry point for the inset process .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  run   function
truth:  build   build

test:  return the included api_key based header to ensure it works as expected to allow x-api-key based authentication .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   json

test:  callback to sanitize non characters from host location .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  host   host

test:  run the top-lebel .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a new filesystem .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that an error thrown by userservice when the bad value is an invalid directory .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  a convenience method for disk with image searching and respond with image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  read the first locales from the locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  read   list
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf as network controller and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more model instances .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  null   version

test:  open a single file using the given filename .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  retrieve a dictionary of datetimes from the current filter .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  retrieve   object
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if point is a valid curve of the curve curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  return vol/block map that compute equal to file .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  null   find
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  given a neighbor set of the tests in kdt units .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  given   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split a list of strings into pairs .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  like   function
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url from an seperated file based on the path and download the path to a url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  run an example movie .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  print   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the region of the array in a predicted image .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   solve
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the current dot product of the given file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prepend a git module instance .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  send   code
truth:  launch   launch

test:  generate all database tables into the database .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator for adding a django revision revision to a given function .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add total loss in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   calculate
truth:  add   summaries

test:  return the contents of the given package from the given encoding and return the contents as a string .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects the xblock xblock field of a given block .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test installing from a wheel wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  to   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  calculates the endpoint from the resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  using   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the user model class .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   master
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  depending on the course and configs when they arent to a refund template set by studio and returns a refund page .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  initializes   signal
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  get all installed application tables .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  get   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump all the virtual attributes from the subprocess .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if the given edge cover cover is an approximate edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  retrieve the plugin translations for the given plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  retrieve   updates
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  use the given x to add a generator to the given x .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  indices   indices

test:  import a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  import   module
truth:  load   a

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a rational ip address for an entity diagonal .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make n colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit the latest repository stream :return: a record .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   application
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get list of ckans packages via the rabbitmq-plugins or slave cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  get   use
truth:  calls   calls

test:  retrieve the current json given entity and returns json .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  retrieve   html
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license device .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute indefinite sequence f .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the connection from the commandline .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   list
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  check to work like current directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  to   directory
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to do a monitor that simply returns none if old exit or false .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get directory to use for writing home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   location

test:  return the |env| tuple corresponding to a module or a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that the web service exists in the file path .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   variables
truth:  make   a

test:  test that plots are unknown .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  sample sample with population k .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  regression test for url that runs a sitemap user can be instantiated .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  list rsync with the rsync output .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   current

test:  starts a running module .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  using   testing
truth:  identify   null

test:  cast a to mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is used to mark functions to be used to volumes .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  is   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure that all items does not exist .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a static transport file using final same auth permanently .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  collect_submodules with most starts with most appropriate template and most appropriate parameters .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs value dictionary; and values are tuples and values are the kern pair value = dnsmasq .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  potential gradient of the hamiltonian variable containing that potential for the input variable .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  null   map
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a properly formatted url for the given user .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   a
truth:  posts   posts

test:  given x and y differs a rectangle .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  given   details
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns the path to the app features for an instance .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   power

test:  test that discussion and returns the current locationid .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" and lambda_func status .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the version information for this list of names .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager that changes the given stderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  sends   usage
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for options and can be customised by a package .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return closed frequency index of a frequency matrix .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  is   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  format a relative distance between two strings .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  format   assert
truth:  if   null

test:  check diff dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  diff   a
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   stubs
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   html
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key for the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the _ct_inventory sequence of a data structure .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   selinux
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the common system jdk for the system system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file and returns the contents of the given string .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if the given system has an available powers 0 .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  setup the first contents of the worker sub requests .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by tetragrid with diagonal elements set to one tetragrid .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a method to wrap a django instance locker if applicable .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  usage   usage

test:  given a path to the app web app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check the bundle bottom-up .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two versions .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check if the named column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  hack   check
truth:  alter   a

test:  default nth type evaluated types .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  null   list
truth:  raises   null

test:  set up a clean server .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  command   command

test:  the plugin loads the unified plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a file using discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   output
truth:  generate   a

test:  sanity check that the proxy option this function should raise an exception if the path is not in reading and the minimum node is not used .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 by vector3 .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the versions of the versions manager for a version that is used to the views by the version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random api key with the same name .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   paths
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  test if the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  test   try
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  populate the document tree .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the specific model instance .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  find page .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  find   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets an error value for a column .
truth: given a field . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new image with an words of ints .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to short color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   seconds
truth:  to   null

test:  return current contents of the current instance .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  open a py_name file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   open
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  register a new role for the given name .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a utf8 message .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a valid base number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects for a given python objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  check if a dataset is a numpy array and can be a list of columns .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  detects   input
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return the specified entry from this name .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the phone service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the table round-trips are as an guess value of #3319 and to check if the last data source string can be read with **column** .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale object for a locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the indices to yyyy-mm-dd with data from epoch and then update with startup or even if the epoch .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  get   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the megam setting for a url .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   place
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  downloads a numpy setuptools file to a os directory that is masquerading installed .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the pattern matches fails .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  expect   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  serialize python datetime object for a given value .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serialize   value
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  insert a number of messages into the most messages .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the given word string with a variable .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list can be created .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   add

test:  calculate the dict that correspond to the transitive dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator provides a generator to show aws file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a cells properties to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to create the root class classes to work in a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  import   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string suitable for this package names .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively replace units with any possible units in the given unit .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  given   a

test:  callback for keys .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  callback   merge
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure input works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   check

test:  sends the process list to attachments the server is a 32-bit .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  compares the asserting values .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  stats   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check a string as cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  check   integer
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return true if source is a shortest shortest node .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a list of --help results .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert a text to a normal room .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  create   create

test:  create a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  combine two lists of a single hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  combine   -
truth:  return   a

test:  example: = "2"; command output should equal to u'itshouldfailwith' .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  remove a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  example: example: of an object .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  do   null
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a message and extract interesting data in that every log customizations .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   files
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters in text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  indices   find
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return package fix for given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  package   fix
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the key is a valid filter value .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  checks if a string is an xri or json-p .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an array of variable to a numpy array .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   value
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string to a datetime .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a 16-bit integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs colas instance for a given rescaled object .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  select the logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  bind   find
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a value in the user accountpolicy .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  set   set

test:  change the registered container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  the views that is not yet hack .
truth: says hello . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document to a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator to easily create a controller_key .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  value   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the models for all models for this feature .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of features that are assigned to the given feature .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   request

test:  handle epochs axes .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  import   event
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes starting with the dictionary from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  tokenize syntax syntax into tuple .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  process   lines
truth:  return   line

test:  indent all pending indentation in the group .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  indent   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in archives into degrees of int .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that value is callable in "packed" .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  do the specified gzip and return the content .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  fetch   blocks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the shell command with the given arguments and returns a arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   output
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  replace the attribute name in a spyder name .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an asset asset from the asset asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  remove   asset
truth:  del   a

test:  return list of containers as a particular table of containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if a user has permission to perform permission_codename language with the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  if   null
truth:  publish   a

test:  bracket the bracket value for word to make it from one .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm hosts and create modbus hosts .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a newline is fully active .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find nodes with errors and save nodes .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  create   variant
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the flush api .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  dump all .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  dump   print
truth:  null   a

test:  helper method to turn a dictionary into an line_search_wolfe1 where the first argument is the number of non-empty .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of colors sampled colors defined by n .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries into a dictionaries dict .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of module names from the given list of modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh containers and client_secret count does not exist .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  refresh   attempt
truth:  ensure   null

test:  akaike of the chi-squared chi-squared .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   screen
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return an attribute of an object by attribute .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  plot a figure against a display image .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  display   image
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of 'prerequisites' exercises for the given content .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   items
truth:  return   a

test:  copy data into src .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  given an image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return timeline timeline of the document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a class alias that appears the public date .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse full results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with exploration to the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  60s routine .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse form graph .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of imports in a given instance .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   factory

test:  return whether the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare for chisquare roots of a square distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  choose   dataframe
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   service
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  create a new :class: for a list of stuff .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  handles a post response for the server provide a dependant .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  handles   parse
truth:  makes   a

test:  format a file to use .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player for an already open player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the transfer term of the polar field in the :ref:user is defined in the abs .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   r
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a callback to the specified network device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the url for a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  return   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this implementation encodes an key_to_english(key:string/bytes) .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of chars .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  send   unpack
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from the mysql reference .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  for what the first section of bom is a valid filename .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of all repo .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   information
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the specific user as belonging to a course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  args: status_code : integer representing the response as a simple page .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  copy the given header header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  code   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  limit the most common calls to returned second per second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  limit   standard
truth:  null   decorator

test:  performs deseq2vs normalization on a single raw abundance otu table .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  performs   copy
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  converts a container string to a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a contextmanager for a command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  null   context
truth:  runs   a

test:  helper function for polishing how to do not already exist in identity .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  function   pivot
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  list the databases databases for the given host cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  start   run
truth:  return   return

test:  return the returner from an upgrade addon or file-like object .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   show
truth:  is   pkg

test:  symlink a file is not running on the system .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show exception and raises an exception if exception is not match .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  raise   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  smooth   coil
truth:  limit   a

test:  create a dictionary composed of an iterator and values from the appropriate dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  create   output
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  transform entry for retrieving .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  transform   lines
truth:  build   page

test:  create a default solo snippet .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   interface
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  adds nova functions or name to nova .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the location of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   test
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stop a running job with a given job id .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether this is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the logging server and a listener .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a mm header and return a triple object .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and returns the result output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   output
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  mandatory that the typeerror exists .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  confirm   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  a decorator for methods that require methods of the test methods .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  sets up recursively sets and patched arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a struct description string for the given struct type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  a context manager to set the course of a temporary destination .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test mime-type with non-aligned versions .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  when a new enrollment page is published on an existing document .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string escaped for re .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  check that sql sorting store .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  store   sign
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   newline

test:  apply a rule to the same name rule list .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  apply   implements
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that requires the current language .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   standard
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  parse   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  replace any output state with the output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  terminate   sets
truth:  gets   null

test:  init_declarator old-style of uploading .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object quopri and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a retry: engine or search string .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   boto
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a string filepath .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  return the target for an parameter action .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number of jobs from the tla[ approach .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  quit   list
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move up an items into the debug object and album ones .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  return a list of glob patterns that match the specified glob to missing from the list of all patterns in the target list .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  iterates   version
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a dictionary containing specific backend information for a specific adjacency .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a list of assets that are assets within the given asset set .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  twitters twitters for simpleselection .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  call a command with the given arguments .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with salt .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs that exist in r .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  parse multiauth from raw section string and returns true if the resource contains .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  support   policy
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  mock   reload
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  lists all the summary of fn .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy s3 key from s3 bucket into s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  convert all the given mapping to their corresponding query values as a list of dictionaries .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  morning a module that takes from multiple mappers .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  convert a list of all registered xml files in gluster order .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the computer quotes args: pattern : the name of computer device .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   ssh
truth:  packs   a

test:  print a list of exit authorcount .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create french operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   note
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check that a pid is running under windows .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry a string .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  run   null
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last time .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   windows
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs tv platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  measure the carving on an array passed to the right module .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable a django password on .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of variables and a dictionary that match regexp to .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if host is sunos or false if the smartos support is sunos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  expand the given files path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the value of the user configuration index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the class by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a wsgi tool shed config from the models config file .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when the statusbar is found with the id= is set .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  null   label
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  a more list to be replaced with their arguments .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  like a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  like   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  return true if app has customized method attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes class based on the module and name .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the iscsi output from available host .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a normal user .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get networks by zero page .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   part

test:  helper function to remove quotes in a filter in a filter to rotated resource in a filter so that it can be set and unquotes values .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return key with aes and values .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   encrypted_data
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  a simple datatypes that returns closed closed files .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  update the grains from the proxied device that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  update   cycle
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for converting a new vertex to disjunctive locations .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  sets   color
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of decoded bytes of the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a dict with keys of the keys in the keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   interface
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize mode with non-existing functions .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  normalize   care
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the selected datastore cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  format label as a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   iterator
truth:  format   a

test:  compute the main wavelets for a distribution parameters plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user has all rights or the string "all" if the page has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  give   a

test:  determine metaclass for the namespace .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  lookup   default
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  load a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an html representation function to check that is a full html string or .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file from files to another word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   shortcut
truth:  copy   a

test:  ensure that a request passed to longest a request .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  ensure   use
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup the gui and create the detached .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  pass   up
truth:  detach   program

test:  repeatedly push socket side .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  push   function
truth:  send   a

test:  return image information for an installed image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator for future use docstrings docstrings for all subclasses of the style class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  get the windows key name for a registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   script
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that the given reference is found in the given ref .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  format the formatters according to the given string .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  null   formatter

test:  compute compute {'input' task task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  format   a

test:  kill the text from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  a decorator that adds a function to the target_rel .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the gui neighbour for the function limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   master
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given the given field object .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   field
truth:  given   a

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   apps
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  checks if the line in a module is complete .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin publishes results and shows the job from the awesome order on the awesome pages and job .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  for full representation of a given text with its fully separated by unsightly module .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  debug   links
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove safe_urlencode the weights from the dict .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  remove   urlparse
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncate a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates using latest and type_qualifier .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   in
truth:  initialize   null

test:  adds an existing event code to the desired event code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  to   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  take a js string and return a javascript source code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  take   filter
truth:  has   js

test:  update the current engine have been done in the database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  help   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long to an int .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   function
truth:  write   null

test:  log the rate number of u'ety' .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   log
truth:  look   up

test:  remove the mtime list from the files .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   translate
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check the regexp regexp .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  return   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  returns a dict of 'browser' and their information on the given key .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   git
truth:  if   null

test:  return a languages name for locale and locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the points of the points .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   intersections
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parse command line argument .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  running   running

test:  log private/secret class that allows new-style class to be updated in the child class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  calling   no
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the last time stamp on the target .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  numpy implementation of affine rs question .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command and search the remote server .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  return the right expression in the expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  if   checks

test:  create or remove necessary in the string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listname specific privacy list of requests .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  delete   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  check for underscore in a vpc routes .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  step step with scanning rights .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  step   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  output logging to the log line .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  output   log
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  extracts a upnp tag from a http response with name and tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  extract   formats
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the sites datasets .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of name names in folder names .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  check if the certificate is smaller than we only d2 .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if this user has been marked as defined by the creator status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  inverse of the numba function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a template and return a triple of biopython tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of ordering : os cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a bucket name for an s3 bucket that has passed in .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections collections .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   number
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  return   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares episode from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  renames   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  query the query string .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  split sequence of hosts into one or more hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  returns cached model for a doctype with a tree .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  returns   frappe
truth:  get   frappe

test:  try to cache a background file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  opens   load
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns a tuple string for a function that returns a pointer .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  returns   f
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  multivariate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  yield the given string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  lowercase   str
truth:  yield   null

test:  this generator provides the lower frames of n nodes .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  url   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the process with the given pid using the given pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return whether the user can generate an ssh member .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the cascade logarithm by xml element .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  create and produce an objects client for previously added to transfer api .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   client
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that tokenize are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  decode a bytes for bytes to unicode .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic routines of wireless .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   samples
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  convert datetime to the given datetime string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  protect code that wants to code that silences errors in the message .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   code
truth:  save   current

test:  returns a directory dialog .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  try   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate monkey monkey node for all nodes in node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the normal loglikelihood coefficient .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  generate a string of two protocols digits .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the rules that need to be suitable for logging .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  extended   move
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the default commands for a user can view in question .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   information
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send html for a django template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns the most classical numbers that is the given ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns line with the given endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  func   lines
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  dumps   set
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns an absolute path for a sibling module .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to an includes['urls']params or a native docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the defaults of the given configuration and the removal of its not read from the given object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the encoding name corresponding to an ascii string .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  normalized   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write fasta sequence from the given fasta filepath to a sequence of fasta pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   networkx
truth:  writes   a

test:  escapes a url encode for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  escapes   timestamp
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   counts
truth:  takes   article

test:  returns an application instance .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs out user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  given non-nan floats error integers and got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  gives gives the longitudinal to be used for an atomically .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  output rate per second from key .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   a
truth:  return   difference

test:  returns a list of roles owned by a project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the cumulative product of x given an array x .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert image file .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  process   process

test:  returns knows database scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to simulates a secure stub to a server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns tsv dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   tsv
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  dump user by name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  mdadm provides raid functions .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  batched insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dict with the given name .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  to   magic

test:  wrapper for published .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete an directory cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a specific ruby or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  prepares a controller .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  get user-agent .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  loads   service
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the associated certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  finds the permissions that are the same way across all roles .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of releases for releases in start and analyze .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shows installed version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  installed   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without saved shipping without summary - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the binary representation of a binary image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  apply openssl output from fasta trunc_fasta_seqs: format to seq_order: trunc_fasta_seqs: .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  apply   runs
truth:  makes   a

test:  decorator which applies keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  register   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe a user about basket sending the email when a task is changed .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  if   put
truth:  update   user

test:  return an iterable of length n from u[x] .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an xri object representing the raw xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  return   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  duration of dyadic recursively num-tilings + id= + -s + |a|*u_{1}*v_{1} = aristas + u cdot + form = max + 0 .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  get days .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  get   update
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  extract a file and return parsed locales object for locales signatures .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  reads   config
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  select the accessible options in an option to the given option value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  select   returns
truth:  selects   a

test:  find all objects contained in a module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  make   null
truth:  import   a

test:  start the correct log .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  start   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute subresultant prs of f and options .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the requests options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that template can be instantiated .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  set the unicode content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  set   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a series of common nodes in the data .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   style
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by *x* .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   service
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the marathon server .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the rights for this shuup from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  loads and returns a brick file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  call a function for snapshots of a hash .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   +

test:  test if an existing device is deactivated in activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  if   up
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the timeseries has the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  reads a variable-length 32-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  import a url .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  import   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  scale a gcode linear move text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  read   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string for binary .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  return   number
truth:  null   frame

test:  the entry point for the credential support .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish liveaction into an actionexecution instance .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  publish   collections
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is privileged in teams .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return response data from an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a list of lists about a user requests .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   article
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a normalized string that is allowed to use in spanning .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all columns by service columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic log for this zone .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set sys .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  model   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  count the media descriptor .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  count   number
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for given status code .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  help   help

test:  return the 'qemu-imgcreate-f{ of the specified image cli example: .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   url
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see insert output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the template string that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  render   a

test:  detect if the service boot time can be successfull by other ones that require the minimum time in other modules .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  returns a model instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  try   fn

test:  display a list of enrollment .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  display   reset
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  given a courses recurrence number of combinations .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  given   program
truth:  detects   null

test:  add assembly in a environments and positives .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   add

test:  enable or disable the tab tab .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename fixed fixed resource and replace values in the global namespace .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  rename   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a cluster line from the given cluster and its size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that fit estimator can be called in an input custom linenumber .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   program
truth:  if   check

test:  make the log of a digital distribution .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   n

test:  replaces space characters with hexadecimal quotes .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list_type : field_type identifier .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   uses
truth:  null   null

test:  gets url from exponents .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the checksum for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via none .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  update an event by name .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  works   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  null   gzip
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  remove the contents of a package or a tuple .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  purge   a

test:  extract the function name from code name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  code   code

test:  returns true if a password matches the existence of the hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  returns   guess
truth:  check   a

test:  assign forum value to an option value .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  assign   return
truth:  was   option

test:  find a message to the desired attachment token .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  file   file

test:  get string listing the example date and return a list of statements .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  string   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  a function to response with python interpreter using http requests queries .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  add   add
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert a topojson string into an ascii object .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   python
truth:  given   a

test:  a helper function to add a traceback object to the sasl future .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set the guess parameter for the kern type .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  set   instance
truth:  null   number

test:  activity hours hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  create a template rendering by a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  create   context
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version as a string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  format   tuple
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this will return an operation for use in a uindex query .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  eni_id the existing request headers with the same arguments .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  usage   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for the character .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   sequence
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator used to set the class to be able to skip another os .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split the value into list .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  rgb to relative color space conversion .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  calculates the python list from clauses source string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a number string to a datetime in seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : run newline | list newline | new newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  convert old-style to string from the diff set on this platform .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts any string to a bool parameter .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   dtype
truth:  string   string

test:  same as a def b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a url to the appropriate one url for an api resource .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  appends   url
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad record in a bad file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   fiducials
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in the log space of the input space .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  check the temporary files created by the filesystem .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  check   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the minion configuration file options .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates generates the remote directory for addr .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  header   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users by preselected form and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  handles changed event only when a user is changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  handles   changes
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  call   a
truth:  start   a

test:  stub for gstreamer .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  check that the received keywords .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  some initial numpy tests .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  code   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create an master master stream .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  create   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  helper to make a sdk and return the resulting bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return true if the given service is available .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mark a given string as being identity .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  mark   function
truth:  pads   null

test:  set the generators of a scan id for a given scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  opens   implementation
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  split a filesystem at the given path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   function
truth:  split   path

test:  compute alignment layer padding for an swapcase(s) .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return true if the text returned by most common values .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  given   correct
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  display a message to identify the default index in use .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  display   input
truth:  presents   null

test:  constructs the image tensor for assertion that are offsets to represent the expected value .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  constructs   size
truth:  crops   null

test:  given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration and remove the event .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   event
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  return a list of forwarding and their pillar data .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  demonstrates --> the mine to the end of the new filesystem .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a cputime dict .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   cputime

test:  load the configuration file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  return a internal sum based on form .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string corresponding to an encoding name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the first network of bootstrapping .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   load
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the pem string for a pem object .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  if module is dict[mod] .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  module   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  convert coefficients into f in k[x] of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a hashable that overrides the tokens of a container .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  test that expired and set test cases .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   list
truth:  run   core

test:  return an rgb label int .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  creates a string of characters from the last text to virtual machines .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete a layer .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command and update the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the c[u] communicability matrix of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  change the global class .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  regex   a
truth:  used   null

test:  calculates the image files for an image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   json

test:  handle a datetime that dont compare iso python 3 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  creates all active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the positions of the latest lxml-version version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   return

test:  given the clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  given   prints
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the set of node pairs on the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume entry point .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a string as a unicode string .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create values of replica from dictionary of dictionary .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   dask
truth:  load   dask

test:  compute the transfer quadrature [1]_ for a given sos .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads numa information from the numa file and extract the values stored in the url .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  extract   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  github issue #1005: conversion of hs2 only issue #1919 .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   test

test:  extract state public key from base_paths samples .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  extract   pandas
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the currently active user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  obl quadrature .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  cache cache for the registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   password
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a strategy to check the api log message .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  return   output
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the effective filters for the given bundle instance .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  prepares a device and headers .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  escapes   get
truth:  function   function

test:  get pairs associated with an iam keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   updates
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the value of the overridden dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the cluster to finish .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration values cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a rstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute source and name for target between target interface .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  write the last compressobj file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  write   manager
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq virtual host is absent name name of the virtual host to remove runas user to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calling ampersands .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all requests belonging to the vulnerability scheduler .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  get default unit mapping type as string .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  default   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this script prints the channel to the end of the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write filepath section 9 to a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a new tree/line object .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  null   system
truth:  formats   a

test:  allow some common to validation content .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  generate py capabilities .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  order   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  parses message definitions in a list .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  parses   find
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the nested transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  the canonical dispatches interface .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  decorator that asserts a setup fails if not .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split and check for our arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  split   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if an empty strings are no results in the shape .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  get   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  split repr to string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  split   markdown
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the 'www service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all filters in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the user-specified variance of a sequence of numbers .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : declarator comma parameter_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   init_declarator_list
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  convert a color by covers units to an integers .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the string value of the given node or none if the tree is not found .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   normalize
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return the combinecolorby standard deviation of matlab for glance problem .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  return   return
truth:  merge   merge

test:  in how many cluster map at the given cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  make   a
truth:  let   null

test:  e is necessary to test an interface which builds the db class .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  run   reset
truth:  create   a

test:  given metadata about the argument name .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  given   changes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all geo_point .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding < that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  show the details of a jinja library .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  tuple   default
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for biclusters methods .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate checksum checksum used as a single integer represented by packets .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions of raw channels .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  handling   test
truth:  test   test

test:  aux function for applying a uri into a dictionary of like .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   window

test:  calculates the key fields for an ref .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of node centered in chordal using treewidth .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a record in a list of close objects .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  validate   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a string containing url-decode pieces .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  construct a regex object for a node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a egg .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert the output of source and diff to their diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  list all installed machinectl data .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   list
truth:  running   running

test:  create a custom i18n directory that contains the idea .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  project   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if obj is unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function is called before to use .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line that has line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  calculates a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of valid fields along with enslaved keys .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  get   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  finds all the files in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  finds   path
truth:  find   a

test:  given a session object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  generate   users
truth:  null   null

test:  get all tab in the latest sql version .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  get   rebuild_node
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url for remote access to remote host .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  updates   set
truth:  set   app

test:  raises invalid exception handling to add a 303 or confirmation versions server which applies the confirmation responses .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   ec2
truth:  return   return

test:  uploads the egg to the world .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  return a random array of normalized probabilities note: new corner is a bug version of return array with randomly *x* and initial add matrix .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  check for a string name and returns a boolean indicating if a valid python source code matches the given domain name :type nsnitro domain name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  adjust a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute f and a monic of two univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  set the best time zone for the given channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  set   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse cinder .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add monitoring to a remote plugin section .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   documentation

test:  return a dictionary with the paths to friends .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute the json output of the document extension by angle encoding .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  compute   json
truth:  null   null

test:  the inverse of only the row in the tensor w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  return the message from the request contained in the passed request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  compare capability transfer / coefficients .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  apply   response
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given list to a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  yields an iterator from the given stream of values .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  deserialize   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new standalone stub .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  setup service instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case links in one of type with command-t ids .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get a listener .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  get   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  notifies socket has the same meaning on the socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  doctest   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the average rating of the given list of services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: degree for conversion of inches .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  build   null
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize 2d fft of data .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  return   mean
truth:  null   contrast

test:  gets a key .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  loads   null

test:  chown that the complex ownership returns true if the file or false .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  chown   path
truth:  are   null

test:  add additional tags to resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the wml' .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   metadata
truth:  file   file

test:  twitters twitters for simpleselection .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  set the value of a hash field .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the attribute names of the path for an object .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named name .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  the restful handler for course unit .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   flask
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   urls

test:  check if to_rational_coeffs compiler is an error .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random ascii string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  replace tab characters in a readable format with the specified name .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  there is a login with the login tasks and complete view .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  function   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  null   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  compare mean of the output image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  compare   rms
truth:  mean   mean

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  display the given 500 .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  sets   exception
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   category
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the domain for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  create a wsgi application which builds both server and protocol numbers .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  nonefolder -> xml file name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> int like find but raises valueerror when the substring is not found .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the row and save score to a tick button .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  create a special openpyxl functions which contains the root of the openpyxl root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  creates   shell
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return true if the provided output is in the expected framework of input .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  keep   null

test:  checks to see if a sequence is a function to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  given   sqlalchemy
truth:  return   return

test:  list absolute website website website for relative api parameters .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  redirect   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  disable all repositories in the pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  disable   s
truth:  enable   enable

test:  respond to the client .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   content
truth:  writes   a

test:  call a single exponential .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  model   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  hac covariance matrix for several hessian parameters nlags : array-like counts of time series with consecutive data matrix scores .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create an app instance for an app sql server sql balancer .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  generates a list .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  generates   list
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   list
truth:  null   path

test:  registers a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should prefix output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list_type a new transformation klass .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  traverse   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule in token .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   access
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  get a registration list from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   redirects
truth:  gets   node

test:  test that a variable tries to be passed to one or more operations .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  try   try

test:  create only the table listed in each table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test for markup of numpy samples .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  use the rest api to expand ids .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  use   string
truth:  given   a

test:  return the path to the attachment files .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  require a firewall site to be disabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the key for a foreign key for a foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  load   find
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert all document elements which are produce in the given node .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   color
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return true if value is a valid dns string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   string
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find the path to the tag directory gnupg libraries with username@host .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  find   find
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure the easy type correctly handles certain values .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a given step is *max_* .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a shortcut to use for an action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  the numeric format of filesystem job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  null   ids
truth:  called   null

test:  save a file object to the expiration given strings .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  save   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar request .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; askyesno if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main function to call the per-cpu from the commandline .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  null   parameter
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  null   null

test:  add a rule to the log entry point for the given client .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  mark   call
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that the only 0 is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  call a mutable resource type to generate the random use_gridspec uris fields .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  check   check

test:  render a template string to a file .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the decimal file into a string using the pbkdf2 parameters or swap object depending on a relative url .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  url   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  sets the request settings in the session to use .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  use   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the config is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   lists
truth:  return   return

test:  set the user to start and seteuid .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  set   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  convert a dense vector to a buffer .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  format   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  set order status to order for columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  index   unicode
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole matrix .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   len

test:  in ipython helper .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  remote   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show a list of disk cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  decorator for benchmarks that are usually callable on the passed node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  copy   dict
truth:  given   null

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into an fullsplit folder .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that the given config is in the group .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   starting
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks all of the user can view this exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   use
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validate a value in a positive integer or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  accept   python
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all special characters with '[\\x and braces in a single string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns list of all items that are 32-bit .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split the text .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  split   null
truth:  list   list

test:  cache object into the cached key .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  object   update
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all dummy_product ordering from d2 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  fix the correctness of the frequency matrix with the same shape .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  return tuple of length starts with a .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  tuple   text
truth:  block   block

test:  check if given formset is a valid formset for calling characters .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write and saves robust directory to it .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  serialize   compile
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit xml service with root .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  use of hosts only .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  use   test
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  determine whether all elements and sorts trimmed .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a first order order either the substitution substitution or the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent + .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the vlan domain is set to a network domain or block .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   function
truth:  get   a

test:  return the default tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  reads   crop
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escape markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the directory to use in the directory: file .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  product of a "follow" distance between points note: this function computes elements of the points note: the attenuation is estimated .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  parses the strong tag in the dict .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reads a network object from a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  confirm   import
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a internet resolvconf .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read the specified url from the total url and return a dict .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   null

test:  sends a wsgi app that are handled from the celery middleware and errordocumentsmiddleware .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  exception   mock
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns file stats .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  just a collection base class to extract no attribute objects passed into future class .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  validate for a given request against request time .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ for a 53 model .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  computes   media
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to format an identity object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete one or more json objects from a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  allows the users home page .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  allows   mark
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple to the expands of install_numpy napalm key .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  decode   f
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  community white and community information .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  null   list
truth:  calls   calls

test:  this is intended to try to get featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  is   fetch
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the environment obtain and cache file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test input table with right delimiter .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists in this database .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   method
truth:  module   module

test:  add a fake http request .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  add   return
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the 'uname-a' csrf .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  return   s3
truth:  get   get

test:  find all of a given source tag in a idx line .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a date/time string to a string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  normalize x by x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check adding disjoint union of g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  generates   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that the course is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  enable   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that logs the decorated function call a list of stuff .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  works   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the number of channels .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  computes   null

test:  check the finder of finder class this is the class or advanced class by import_path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  check   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  removes   users

test:  swap the case of the tags in the file text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  returns the module name for the given path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a string complete .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  get the ssl version that an esxi host interact with kumascript debug level .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parses previous app configuration value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  copies   copies

test:  retrieve information about a physical volume group .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   key
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verifies the signature that is using the same paths for a given certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  signed   data
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the full url to the theme css file using the bootstrap theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns number of characters in the string .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  insert a ldap field in the memcache field .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  null   n
truth:  find   find

test:  set the segment from the multiplier without copy .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  set   set

test:  convert from a string of hex into hex string of hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the temporary directory path path for the file or folder directory path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get the files recursively which have a file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   files
truth:  files   files

test:  test test runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  execute   up
truth:  run   testcase

test:  updates some instances of the task .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  return a nice eigval .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the module that is loaded .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  return   module
truth:  get   get

test:  the type should be represented as a list or not .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about the user based on dev appserver conversion .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are current force .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  list all user ids .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  double smoketest integer within the thread-local pointer .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  tuple   size
truth:  get   get

test:  given 2d fft and a positive in-degree .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  null   reports
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  return an image of x .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  find   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update addons+collections tasks .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the state of the cpu cpu vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distances which are not within .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  performs an entire number of digits according to the entire number .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  performs   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  setup the setup component .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  setup   need
truth:  track   states

test:  add http response body to the current window .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  add   response
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator of all nodes in the graph in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if arg is a string with the given name .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  performs a signal to the directory containing the given token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo command .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read in file state file and return dictionary containing the respective file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   load
truth:  read   feature

test:  returns the sequence of elements in seq .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  empty   a

test:  get cache limit and cache its return email .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  cache   test
truth:  email   email

test:  construct all hug summary of symbol .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  construct   windows
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum array along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   norm
truth:  null   range

test:  main function :return: none or none .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string can be within an signed string .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  test   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the oauth2 portion of url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  checks whether the given object is a function that description .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  the base statistic for binary array .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the given encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute standard deviation of the values for a geometric distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  compute   measure
truth:  null   deviation

test:  usage: {{ semi public@must url .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  limit   s
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: the list of names of this object that are listed for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the text of the last line .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change username for a user .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  null   users
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  takes the sequence of sequences and returns true .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  normalizes   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> int return a extracted for a subreddit instance .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  select   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get paths of the device with a given package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a string report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  print   a
truth:  input   number

test:  uses the internal api to parse the url and return the service .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check the country code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  display   null
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string like function .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  generate a url for the user for profile .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  generate   group
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given addon is found for the addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import an package into the configuration dictionary .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   create
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line command .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that assigning to the missing model .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generic entry test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start with the specified pillar data .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git path to a file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  like   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the n-th degree n in gf(p)[x] and a set of polynomials .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  decorator: imports information about an implementation .
truth: version of node . 
test:  traverse   helper
truth:  null   version

test:  send a version of the command line indices .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  given   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  if a request object should never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  represent an expression or an array of expressions using a set of expressions .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  represent   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  marks a function as internally used on application selection .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  estimate elements of a distribution with method using the moment distribution parameters distfn : array needs to convert returns true if the n_jobs distribution with upper index of a :
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  return a list of the interfaces on which packages can be used on the provider pattern .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  performs a relative distance between two strings .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the dict of a disk logs .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  produces all files in the list of files into the list of files and value .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  validate user api password .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  validate   user
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that curve works even if mdata-get is not a valid curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  this is to serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors contributors for the articles dashboard .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  aggregate   show
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  compute a method of the coroutine ratio of a method in directory .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  compute   convenience
truth:  null   component

test:  add a 1-d precision .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   file
truth:  add   add

test:  convert the current utc time to a datetime .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  check if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  the variable calculates the current axes .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  tail   x
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the image rootfs .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  tear   a
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the python executable in a python executable .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  changes   code
truth:  performs   a

test:  check an array that contains allowed dependencies of type exactly allowed .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  get the spector usable as an integer .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  handle   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstall a task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the strict urls for the given memcached .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a new sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  split a tuple into a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the request for l{long} functionality .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  hook   function
truth:  function   function

test:  decorates a query and returns a query .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  decorates   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  dynamic exponent .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing hash algorithm .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  int   in
truth:  evoked   test

test:  split the result of infiles to a deep file and return the result of the boolean keys byte list .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  process   copy
truth:  parses   parses

test:  remove a mount target to a file .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for missing groups with command line or an existing group .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  collect the binary data from an d] .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  collect   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   a

test:  test the lower common prefix .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   urls

test:  transforms an image into a numpy array of expected values for each image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  transforms   module
truth:  features   features

test:  tests normal form icon -- same as non-shiny should fail when a new user to joins a previously taken from the media filter .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  venonats   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  a contextmanager that should not be consumption by a connection .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   file
truth:  get   get

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into a single position .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   up
truth:  query   query

test:  use the checks to see if the database is missing .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  gets   connection
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled output to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   details
truth:  add   add

test:  check for present in the css of a given element .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  click   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create an ssl port based on ssl project .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  create   send
truth:  build   build

test:  check for use in policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   -
truth:  look   null

test:  check the url for the public extensions that are present to authenticate from the user .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the bcpy of a list of channels .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  extract   x

test:  remove whitespace from a string to a hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  string   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to locate the formatted executable if the specified filename is in the system .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  object   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print a report report to stderr .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  print   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert string to enzyme string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  display a repository from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a question; message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   factory
truth:  show   a

test:  map 200 for slug in the slug .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  allow   project
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the mysql user has fulfilled .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to ensure that the user has 401 .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  use   use

test:  show an status .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  tests   show
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an nxm variable with shape and add the resulting shape .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  construct   add
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without sample is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the maximum number of open file input_fasta_fp: output filepath this is used to parse the maximum 4d xhtml each rule .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  normalize the raw channels .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  reading   set
truth:  get   get

test:  cast a results to a json object .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  infrastructure' add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes entities .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder the first matrix d .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  finds   block
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  null   in

test:  return the namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   python
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract all latest latest tags from given node .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is not false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test line option .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a warning to a several python type .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  converts   enable
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand an ipv6 ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  load the module from all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  import   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  returns a account from the database .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  generate a utf-8 string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  for testing the subsets keys .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  null   api
truth:  host   host

test:  create a new message from a local rfc 2822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns url for google cloud storage .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  url   in
truth:  null   a

test:  add a test as a package .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test writing of html files .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts decrypter bytes .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  encrypts   stream
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  save and send a firewall path to the doc executable .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   filter
truth:  convert   image

test:  gets the repository shed time and its dependencies as new .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  debug a message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns the arguments to cache the apropriate routes of the arguments passed in cache .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  run   home
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the json web page file .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the value of the image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  tuple   download
truth:  increase   image

test:  check the sphinx filters web page for pickle .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  render   a

test:  same function as sorted_list_difference but for lists of strings .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  escape a query string .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy and cupy are equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  receive a json file with an chacha20 .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  null   config
truth:  update   a

test:  get a session service session by name using the service session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the path to the module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   directories
truth:  determine   null

test:  run the default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  return a deferred if necessary .
truth: if possible . 
test:  print   return
truth:  if   null

test:  utility function to get a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  check if the styles provided as a string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry a function using gevent .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   case
truth:  executes   null

test:  generate the build properties .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate and return a string for all of a given value .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   values
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value rounded to use in the uninstalling .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the first ip address on a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the given date was required by the implementation of the date string .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  given   values

test:  adds feedback html documentation to a user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  adds   admin
truth:  extract   null

test:  a more complicated representation of a string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  truncates   null

test:  return a sorted quantile harmonic quantile roles .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to retrieve identity pool by ip addresses .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  return the number of up to 5 precision .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  return   number
truth:  round   method

test:  return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a wrap response data for both the login and refresh requests .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images into src and shutil images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the reasonable policy for the given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if a service is disabled in the upstart service name .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  used for old socket .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  return   input
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns whether a package version is not currently installed via device .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  lists   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  reduce all given workers with a specific workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a png dictionary .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  make   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  returns average float .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  save   model
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  split an array into the previous element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  perform a file to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate points .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a document to a directory .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  import the generated entries into a python module object .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  record   context
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from sequence wile preserving order .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   use
truth:  return   a

test:  returns tuple of normalized dimension size and start forum .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a arm .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build a job list for coherence .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor this plugin allows you to specify a job with the app .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a release in the list represented by default .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert a table into dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided tablerheader .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud region .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that using diff units are automatically piece of data .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  translates   test
truth:  is   null

test:  a view that shows the user form .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   form
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parses a single ip address and returns the tree of the given ip .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the full path to the documentation on the system .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   optional
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a pseudocolor plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules into a single system cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import and return the first module of the given module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns a sqlalchemy model class for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a * b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan emitting the host with the specified interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  return   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a sequence of seq[mid] values and returns the version .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the adjacency tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download file from the stack data store file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  load   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a xml record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace the metadata found in module with the same url as dataverse_add_user_account .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  checking   list
truth:  assert   assert

test:  helper to format a string in binary format .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  to   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return descriptions for a person with person tags removed .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list filename of a remote host cli example: .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  list   in
truth:  files   files

test:  compute the json dict of categories to a game dict .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  parses   parses

test:  inverse series expansion of the circle needed for the hsv number .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes the given dict to json value for use with the options .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  calls x .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a 2d set of floats .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names and extract the available mechanism for the command line .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper to get the search rank from ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities of integers .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  gets the specified repository and its dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  username   attempt
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  translation_unit : specifier_qualifier_list declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  check to see if a specific logging server is not in the objs publishes on a specific port or not found on a specific server .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  disable   paramiko
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   image
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns github exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  wraps   log
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add the keys log to the current document .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a cinderblockdeviceapi object .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  given   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over all items of the given item .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure that value is json and json compatible with string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  to   value
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  helper function to return a string for any object .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  sets all registered modules in list inputs: layered .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of list[i] tags .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run a command and allowed allowed to run .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  run   patch
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl device .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample of the aside_types with k .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   features
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due extension in the student .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  catch   application
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set of images in the input linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   file
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test push scores .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   roundtrip
truth:  io   io

test:  returns a new input variable .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a users public activity session .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  lead to parse a string for a namespace function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  multivariate   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting task will not cause any errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a message to the versions of the user .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  performs an unpadded using the arrays in the input axes .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical thinlv volume by a thin volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the expected value of best samples .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmark in a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  push   register
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  convert logging to a conversion .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  signed   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily disconnect a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  disconnect   call
truth:  context   context

test:  a function to check if a task is currently idle .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return the results in the node that matches the given pattern .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume information .
truth: update volume . 
test:  dictionary   metadata
truth:  update   volume

test:  given a colorscale over test values .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  performs   file
truth:  makes   a

test:  computes the global mean of the values of a position .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether the current explicit date is valid .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  existing   quotes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collector the handy command .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert obj .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  obj   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  puts modeman and inputs into inputs .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  paste   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   entry
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   groups
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the rdbms engine for the passed django engine or django engine if no engine is specified .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  all lines are broken into the name of a file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  to   files
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  find the two strings .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  test the extension names .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  test   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  grants to return the next file and times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  to   check
truth:  converts   a

test:  rename a string .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rename   update
truth:  does   null

test:  clones a single request .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  serialize a model class to a given model .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  build   exception
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve png content from another queue .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the index of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the cached challenge for managing purposes .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  middleware   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  add msg .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  a task that returns a cache cache object .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the size of the binary word given by a binary string .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  turns   null

test:  return the not-in-place function for the wrapped function .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  display an html html url for dev .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   display
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   open
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using pade approximation .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random slug instance from the datastore .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   samples
truth:  create   a

test:  starts plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a abs .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is abstract such that the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  helper to normalize a dipole of paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  defines a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   prompt
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken response and returns a content value and auth value .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  a bond5 for slack external input_seqs .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  finds   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  decode unsigned python 2 .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  random the random employees of the markov .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the given sha1> type .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure kinds of kinds kind is supported .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates with the highest quality .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  list loops for smtp virtual server as specified by the smtp list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns text from a random string of text characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a list of services which are independent a list of services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is any character which is an re which is not in any string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   s
truth:  is   null

test:  normalize the string escaped by a wrapper around making a query string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule has specified action as the current user .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  list logins .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  list   function
truth:  null   disk

test:  filter a list of indices from filenames .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  single transaction folders .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  default   utility
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive and set files to the destination prefix .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   append
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes a list of interfaces or returns a dictionary of interfaces details of the device interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write typeroot to a city .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   checking
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  windows only those linebreaks are emitted as a string .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new suffix instance using nbits and already exist .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external urls when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  function   directories
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from file with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  finds an nodelocalstate from the supplied node .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  format   format

test:  creates and returns the current user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 signature .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   request
truth:  verify   a

test:  check if target with respect to target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create an absolute filename to a writable file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test warnings are correctly .
truth: test event order . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  test   event

test:  if you use this gets a trace of raw characters in an ordereddict way to call to dependence prioritize .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for adding :func:subprocess to a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  send   decorator
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets networks for instance or instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the name of the page class for the request .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether an image can resize file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the ted sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  encode a string to a given string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  template tag that sends a template path .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   view
truth:  config   config

test:  this test will run if old process is instantiated with old process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   check
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of square functions and relative to the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the given unit: unit to pythons python .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this numpy type matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  generates   attempt
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a bytestring extractor to search quality .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  a helper for creating a url that can be used in a valid url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  null   url
truth:  appends   appends

test:  landing page of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   line
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  cast all of the given value to a dict with keys and values .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets the value of a column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  given a string name .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get a path to the datadir config file of this script .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   max
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks an autoindexed url is contained with osf and is contained with a matching url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  given   a

test:  create a conn object .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the user for the given management management .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  run the network assistant python process .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  run   statistics
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the distance clustering of a given distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert transformation matrix to an actual exponent of float .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  function   product
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class object for a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  check the highpass stack .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  load   like
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a results object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the string value of a byte array .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   x

test:  send a new ip .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return a list of the requested metric for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  default implementation of every element in the package .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  null   one
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  system system build target .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  show   error
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array filled with the given shape .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the boundary boundary data in the commands .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  solve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the running response version .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the supplied variable of variable errors are available .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   server
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this test never work when a :math:lambda_{min}(a) files are valid .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether git is installed on this host .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve authentication data for docker formats .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going to plot loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for authenticating with authenticating and redirects to home page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  we identifiers to bypass a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  convert   convert

test:  reconstruct decorator should raise a class or llvm classes .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the square norm of the normal distribution .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  see: 4 function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  system_profiler the plugin environment so we can note levels in jinja and installs any environment variables to use to encrypt .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  retrieve shortest type_qualifier from a fiff table .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  return a json object that can makes sense see :func:_access_rule .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  return   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the nbunch of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build an subprocess to the given string and tar using tarball .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  build   function
truth:  create   a

test:  generate schemas of the logical module names .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   a

test:  runs known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  known   get

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a helper method to generate a string value for pytree and nodes .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  simple test showing how to looking for a test .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a docker image from the flavor image .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gives email with the user for receive emails .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   email
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert the string to a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  was   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a module with the given name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return shape of a variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that skips a decorator .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   context
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  take a list of classes and return a dictionary of classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease fixed ip .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   get
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute text file path .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system information about sphinx .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   sphinx
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a string from a given ip .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual dict of the password .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute square-free monomial of f and homogeneous .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  remove the absolute path .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  remove   homepage
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an unicode object by bytestring and returns the string of characters given as an unicode object model by the string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  convert the given text to a secure cluster this is the name of the class .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  path such that theme calls the class along windows .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  rotate   returns
truth:  link   link

test:  locate an executable in the operating platform .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  to   profiles
truth:  find   find

test:  formats the size in the format like univariate argument: size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  print   sizes

test:  convert the current time to a system .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  negative loglikelihood variance**2 central moment / variance**2 - gain : normal value .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture that provides a node from bulk .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenates a vector to the given operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a float .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the pids of a process instance .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  return   get
truth:  if   null

test:  split a range cant parse a string into an unsigned range .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  string   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  returns the string data data data as a string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the templates into the data passing the rendering template this function is theme or render the salt system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  the exponential function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   null

test:  this is currently have exactly have any of the given number of models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  is   models
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  if the python version is running then purge this function .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a converted converted to older versions of -= .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  given   return
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if the request resolves against the given host .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   change
truth:  log   log

test:  return a template for a file or the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the hassswitches weather .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the names and values of the arguments by-reference with arguments by-reference .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  set the name of the entire tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  set   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a locale from the current request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  context   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify model data prediction using 2 layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  write png representation of a binary string .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time time previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print an html file with the given name .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  print   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  is this a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  get simple command editor .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  index   null
truth:  load   data

test:  create a new instance .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  create   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check if the files is an expression .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package and original files that were using a different tags between the minion .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  checks for a string .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() methods to bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  compute chi-squared statistic to hyperbolic right mean .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  change   like
truth:  null   null

test:  starts users widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  starts   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  resize the old image of a given coordinates .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  calculate   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  child : name equals identifier = const field_type identifier = a child uploads .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a directory and all its contents .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the brands version of brands when given brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  converts a on a particular field .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write one or more and exits operations in the given log .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   test
truth:  print   a

test:  delete changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets a numeric ip address to this is a hexname for .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  a function to kill signal from the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  get gcode and add the first word in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a bridge using bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   submodules
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks that the given domains is a valid domains .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  detect if the specified signature can detect if the specified command .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  specified   test
truth:  test   configuration

test:  starts a specific repr of the given vectors .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  starts   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack drivers for a filename and apply to a list of drivers .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  updates volume types by name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  gets the amount of idle computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  displays   null

test:  cause rss parameters endog : array-like returns rss : ndarray should be a pair of observations for which noise : int number of observations .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  sigma   model
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show the execution of a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  null   running
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the zeroize configuration and reuturns the text output .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  create   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  estimate l21 .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  returns the value for an option value .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a password password .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  transforms a numpy bitarray into a numpy boolean value return the result of a list of levels .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  set a user in the graph access token with the requesting user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a mysql container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  initialize a frame .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the memory usage in use inside of memory .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  helper function to insert html string into choice string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  round   get
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  compute the security group id of an columns .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the location for <name> a docker device cli example: .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  read an readme description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  index   prefix
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the first position of a sqlite type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  return a dictionary .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  generate unique count of a list of numbers .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dominating weighted node for g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sample data of a bytestring .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a random uniform uniform uniform .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  null   distribution

test:  return json object that turns on json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the path relative to the zipline cache directory of the zipline cache files .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front color of a release or the specified image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the value turned into the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a socket socket for creating new host .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  create   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   exception
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id and metadata .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   repository
truth:  return   a

test:  import modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  check that the full parameters .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  extract   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that reports are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper for testing process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from the beginning of whitespace and is a list of whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates an students and enroll the student for a given user .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  enroll   a

test:  ajax endpoint operation .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  view   view

test:  like path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a commit command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds comments in parent element .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  return memory usage of the system .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  load a nobs^ 'highpass' .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  add a query to the one query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   add
truth:  return   return

test:  disable the default requirements of the current process .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale for the specified category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  string   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  register a new url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  calculate distargs distribution of distribution cli example: .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  calculate   dummy
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this is the function set of messages to the one or more files like none .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check the current user and password using pickle authentication .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  checks whether given string is valid .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  to   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  simple replacement character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates reading reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  sets the *x* == 1 .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api will show github repository hook for github responses .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  put   api
truth:  to   api

test:  fake version of _thread .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  stores   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return the default sqs id from sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user as a twitter .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  this function is used to convert a geos specification into the sympy one .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  function   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  transform the input source as a floating point number .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  append file to a single file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  append   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a dict for all parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  create   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend to the job requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:github plugin version of a job .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to build a bulk jail for debconf .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the graded values value .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an arbitrary string to make providers name used in a single string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of objects in obj .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and meters .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return elementwise function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  get a string of the vocabulary and return a list of the optional spaces after the predefined matrix .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory outputs .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   show
truth:  ask   null

test:  verify if an input is a valid validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  return   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: send a test notification script to notification test .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a deprecated decorator for joining after the equivalent of the substring if they encounter .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  hook   hook

test:  a helper for ipython .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  a name of the attributes .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node cli example: .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   show
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   up
truth:  set   up

test:  add url to an parts[u'auth'] level .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  writes the value to the upper pair of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  validates a plotly corresponding to a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  calculates shared output of the input function parameters linear output of the given shape .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  evaluate the given tree at a tuple of position the position in the tuple .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  split   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert a list of validated keys into the most recent categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape html characters so that it can be included in a string to a string .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise value from a tensor .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  indices   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an available metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  string   send
truth:  return   data

test:  purge organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  s   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  get a list of users that have been created .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  check if replay .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  searching   testing
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  try to convert django type to an object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  this is the select with the given repository types sum .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the number of nodes .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest paths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given an app label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  take   a

test:  set the host to the host and body .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new description cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a pennies graph to pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  null   price

test:  show a figure for a given number of image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function calculates a number of characters given a number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  computes a maximum of *text* .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  function   sort
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator for an instance .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  request   section
truth:  null   service

test:  discover a list of tuples or shape along any other columns .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  escape   s
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   view
truth:  default   default

test:  process the summary of a process .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   start
truth:  command   command

test:  disable all colors to the process .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   windows
truth:  handle   irc

test:  copies selection along the aes classes into vector returns selection .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  generate a string with html entities .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc object .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract custom xml file from the given opennebula preserving preserving xml .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  return   message

test:  copies the ndarray vector of a linear column .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  copies   one
truth:  makes   null

test:  create figure for single figure in plots .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the results that are not vulnerable to the microsite api .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  return system amount of urls that are in the given amount of urls as well .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the user preference with the specified key reset .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  stop   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  get current table indicated by the pool .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a warning a warning a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  to   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  if two provided file a variable is a same same same .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate messages and no exceptions should pass the same dictionary as no exceptions .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create an energy instance for a given target .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   validate
truth:  code   code

test:  return a dict for redis system .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a sharedvariable url to js %} .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  code   endpoint
truth:  if   null

test:  compute a continuous matrix for corrmat .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the name of the file that contains .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified order rather than specified number rather than array_like .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy for the specified policy returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the aconf component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  return a class that enables abstract abstract with the abstract class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new case of the given abstract .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  get comparison hook typically to the github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  align   list
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the given command to negative password using the configured configuration options .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  format   format

test:  create the metric transform dictionary of user details for metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  create   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  align command list name .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get information about the ssh volume cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  set trace in the given trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method to get/create a user which its possible into the salt user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the given arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send a purchase invoice invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  list the 'sysctl'ret values .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  return   a

test:  add a request to a queue .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode representation as unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a lambda function and returns the lambda function representing a installed disjunction .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  compute a win32 lookup .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output dataset to see if a dataset with the passed name .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  creates   null

test:  the reset password password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  change none .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  look   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the absolute value for a given path as a dotted module .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  converts a chain of parent l{wrapclienttls} to dependence namespace .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  get   templates
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the linear entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  factorization the learning command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  value   list
truth:  execute   a

test:  a slightly test objective function .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  used   function

test:  test filter bar is run .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  creates a default rpc object for given image .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of working strings .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where 10 are properly used .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  simply prints and how to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute chi-squared source localization .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  induced   compute

test:  generates a maximum number of random doubles .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  filter parameter parameters that are registered in the given parameter .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name for a process instance .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  change translation for translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   handler
truth:  adds   new

test:  removes all the given html entities from the scope .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a databases to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the application from the requests at the given application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  compute the wont transformation = oo transform parameters x : ndarray or rewrite in the given mathing object form in the given mathing : list of / precision form in
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  compute   shift
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a given libvirt driver exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   ip
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case fails by adding transfers while uploading is not upload with wrong gpio .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  set the value in the dictionary keys .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the default image name for a service .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove all playlists and non-commutative from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis redis information .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  split a list of strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a resource identifier for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action action for a given model .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query files applied to lookup a given job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns given intersecting code to ranges for mappings at moses parameters mapping : tuple of information to connect to .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the test cases should try to convert csv values .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  unzip a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  like   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine with 20792588 .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches the string by the replacement pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  constructs a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns true if and only if the target is an independent projection .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the passed data does not need to the combination of the passed data .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  converts the error request to the server .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  backported   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if we are using 'flavor' .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads the webserver .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  read a key and return its contents .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  read   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verify that a string is valid and name .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  used to dynamically add the json removed for the client .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  request   permission

test:  check that a checker looks like an invalid tool looks like a certain tool looks like the checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   subnet
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load the config file specified in the configuration .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  validates   validates

test:  create raw header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   frame

test:  fix a list of times into a string .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra information for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  insert the successful emails to an text document with each line in the given document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  color   set
truth:  find   find

test:  install a system via python script? .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  install   install
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems with the dism version .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  helper function to create an index dictionary from a list of keys .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  index   index

test:  expands a idempotency ip to an ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  sort a cron command .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  sort   list
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  code   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  create a custom hash that can only be uploaded .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print a json indentation .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find the first non-none string in a given --prefix .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  parse   data

test:  load the version of the sdk by parsing the version of the sdk .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper method to list of errors that should be used to complete .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure a bindings from an action is enabled in the configuration .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a string that may be the current files in the entire directory .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  gets the path to the process and page .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  checks to see if the response has an vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  clone the text .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  constructs   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait for a remote prompt for resource in redis prompt .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   connect
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return the metadata for the image meta from image location .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  return   image
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test that s3 s3 argument depends on logs .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of directories under the given path .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  parse one or more lines from f .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return urlparsed url from relative url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   input
truth:  if   checks

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   view
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile the python service instance and name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the maximum clip in a spectrogram based on i_of_i .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) transform f(k) to a sequenceexample or cosine-type f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the string degrees given degrees of unknownformat' .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  fixed   null

test:  this is a simple mixing matrix in the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  is   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of valid strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  simple function that returns the difference between two strings .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  form   null
truth:  null   product

test:  execute command line options .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  execute   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  bus a partition bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  null   in
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the sokal-sneath distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   distribution
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensure a single test file created correctly when referenced in a temporary directory .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  uses   current
truth:  null   python

test:  filter out diff information from git files returns list of diff information .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  null   convolution

test:  return unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  read a file from samples .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one letter code .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  this is used to test either a horizontal shift or a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional closing closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  returns the step case of the step or servers .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  estimate   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a member for dev web page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  checks   point
truth:  run   security

test:  converts a datetime to the current rfc 3339 string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  code for debugging in the default finalizers .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  context   code
truth:  default   default

test:  see url .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this will respond to the autocompletes course_id .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   file
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a registered handlers .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  stop containers and the containers matching a given container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  insert the environment into something that has the start of the post line number of common typos otherwise we know for the escaped pair of the jobs where the certificate
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  insert   generate
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  returns true if path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the sql rows in a particular list .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return the set of blocks that are swap or not .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  shows shows the user to check if it exists .
truth: get slug . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate student profile information for a course containing all students grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a maddr transport .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  maps data to the given sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the slice atomic decimal elements .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a node .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  like   like

test:  how many cloning are just set .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  gather a mtimeexcept mtimeexcept with the given key and returns the result as a string .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  issues   return
truth:  caches   caches

test:  build out a service by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  build   target
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  executes the given function and returns the result when it is a threshold .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  run   add
truth:  see   null

test:  code for failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  this function constructs a private key to private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests max_revision() test for dynamic test cases .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the name of a directory .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the number of float to a string like 5 .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  checks to see if the response has an vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   header
truth:  adds   null

test:  create a sequence of tuples and concatenation them .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  create   number
truth:  null   a

test:  return a random subset of actions that are randomly particularly mappers independently .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return picture option information for given ip address if the shape is in user ids .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given directory is installed and return the feed resource does not exist .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts unicode to a string or binary .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  unicode   list
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the file name of a file on disk .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create all of the given keywords policy string .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  int   =
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which provides a mock requests to provide online objects .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  an extension for discrete functions that are allowed in the db .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  return the output of the operation on a system .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  show the path to the git configuration from an abbreviated setuptools file .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  points   current
truth:  return   a

test:  register a class this should be comments for _cache_id .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list with tasks as well as a docker .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  decorator to temporarily replace all of protocol .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  import   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  validate an matching rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a list of best from a compact object .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compares an object with the given kwargs in kimplements into an object .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  return   return

test:  like deprecated .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  like   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display the string to types .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  display   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  restful method that is appended to have the custom asset declaration .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   add
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  initialize the module .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is an http status code .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get information and sort events .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  the cache that need to enhance what this is .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  quick cannot instantiates and if dtype cannot be a 2d dtype or higher array with dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  array   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns translated language for the given language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  load   return
truth:  translated   returns

test:  short line candle .
truth: advance block . 
test:  short   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test that bootstrap_button are not implemented in *text* .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of imp .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write out the modules in a set of fabtools with a start .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   country
truth:  output   output

test:  plists may have either a runatload key or may have no longer .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  null   null
truth:  have   null

test:  implement implementation exactly .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  wraps   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  sign from string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  like   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  friendly wrapper around cmd .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper function for building a polynomial terms of preprocessor .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  init   convert
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota group rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   information
truth:  update   a

test:  returns file object containing the extension for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the line for the search cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  the current localzone tzinfo object .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   prints
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a duplicate + nkjpcorpusreader + tagging .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator to provide a callback to be the vbench .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return path to module if any python script is specified .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  internal [<code>] exits exit .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  converts the given name to route .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user view .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  build   a
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set up to sonos or specified services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   use
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for exception not using translation and services .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  mac a specific block device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  given a module object and a set of attributes .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  given   attempt
truth:  set   metadata

test:  order: order: .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   w

test:  return the given package with the given package name the name of the given package to pkgs to the given user .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove all expect_warnings() .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  create new harder to xml file .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  create   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for which the given host is the host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the data filter from a list of data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  replace the best rate of a fits rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  compute   image

test:  compute gradient gradient norm of the elements along an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   swap
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return the admin widget for the review board request .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   update
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a formatter formatter to bytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a dictionary of quota volume name .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  dictionary   dictionary
truth:  list   quotas

test:  encrypts the store of two ndarrays .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  -   -

test:  select a reactor from an address .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  match   null
truth:  check   google

test:  return the default values for several did .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   s
truth:  if   null

test:  update an entry in the generated by matching session definitions .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  change the named group cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  fit a partial 16-bit integer .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  align   null
truth:  null   regression

test:  add default plugin to main values of main script .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  add   hash
truth:  nested   update

test:  given a cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the tuple of the first two implemented arrays .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  if   format
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object for given rpc service .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes media document and directory from resource object .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  store   store

test:  morph untrusted untrusted process to be a sparse window .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  sample   source
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  it should not install a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to autocovariance with the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  run   use
truth:  to   method

test:  splits some keyword into keyword keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security groups by a security groups .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string from an empty node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  print message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  encode   message
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the app .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  translate a file at each folder into account entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  wrapper to get a pep 302 name and tile name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  to   attributes
truth:  resolve   a

test:  check if file exists in gets an selinux filename with a valid filename such that no filename is in u .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  perform no formatters .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified user; job is absent on the specified user; only the container that the host is absent .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  constructs the given graph that wont add the given class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this function creates an error for each plaintext in the currently selected dictionary .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the options for a working file .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  uses   list
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper method to parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  command   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the name of the directory that the autotest_remote user can write to .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute f**n by algebraic the ground polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that returns the current time in seconds .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   in
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the tcp public sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the native sets contents into the python set it .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a users home directory path .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list the directory for data with the given path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  if   path

test:  add interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   null
truth:  bind   bind

test:  creates a new application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop a task and logs its status .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a new session instance that can be created into a session with the default session .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the string from an old volatility cluster .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  analyze   factory
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively rename a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  rename   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the arithmetic sum of the iterable as a string .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  if   normalize
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip one of a dict that contains json data .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  pulls   checking
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves a recompile config .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint to zero in the specified cluster .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  simple wrapper around tuples to create a set of timeseries .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  convert a covariance shared array by the standard namespace to a clip .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  process all volumes belonging to a volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that swagger-compliant matrix checking for an undirected matrix .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   search
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the vector vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get absolute path to the current source or folder name .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test that twitter link are properly used correctly .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for api handlers .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   object
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the vector distances between each feature distances for each feature in the model read .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  asserts that the optional keys are required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  asserts   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates an image from the cluster .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  creates   query
truth:  create   a

test:  finds a function to the underlying function .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  finds   exception
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a byte string for an unsigned file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop the passed cluster is running on the name of the site .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns local client path from branding to the underlying client data folder .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  uses   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a transformation value to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command in a remote shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   serialize
truth:  write   null

test:  fetches a list of errors that an array of errors args: value: : list of headers to be a range data to an integer data ball ball returns: a list
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  move   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears out the zip submission submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  issues   client
truth:  generate   a

test:  import the attributes based on the string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   apply
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes that were deleted during filter field .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  return   volumes

test:  connect to the registry for a category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  to   item
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a 4d density of a given n*m transform .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value for an entity .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace redundant pages with positional .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  replace   xml
truth:  return   return

test:  lookup the application in the settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  lookup   markdown
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  deletes the given session and all its contents .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  deletes   reset
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample data of sample files parameters dissimilarities : 2d sample table of sample files of shape table file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  writes   output
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse the buffer function and return a tuple of result ndarrays .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the average score is properly initialized the p .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   root
truth:  test   a

test:  internal gradient of an mpf with a ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a path relative to support common lg path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove host and port from the port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  host   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  attempts to add a message with the request using the tags .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  checks to see if extensions is a windows archive .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be an users for this application to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute discrete mapreduce of a given model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  insert   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  run the specified client widget widget .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the value is an instance of the option containing value .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a even away from a tuple of integers to an excel mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  null   null

test:  convert value to an integer and returns int .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set new video video subtitles .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  get projects and the projects project by the operating file directly when you load a class .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the file is default or false .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   pattern
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  tries to guess the encoding used by the terminal .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the staff@require certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  my view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  <y-upper> should run scripts listed as scripts are names and that the right environment variables are of its own classes correctly lie .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  create   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text uploads into the global property with subprocess .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get an attribute of a base path based on an url .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string that can be used for relative info .
truth: format sys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns an array with the given dtype and dtype .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  check if an #ifndef is raw .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   union
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return boolean indicating if freebsd is installed and not the version string .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set owner for carve to path with owner and drive excluded "the .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   permissions
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the user to use present option of the user to check the location of the option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location from the location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  update the currently configured exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   package
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the first tuple of two topic args and a1 data .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   compare
truth:  show   a

test:  return the arithmetic logic of the expression .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert common objects in absolute url to javascript objects .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  do   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the tls state for the current thread .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  inserts   set
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  query the section 9 .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  query   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if *obj* is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download a list of objects from another yes .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   device

test:  retrieve a memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper to get a script id from script config file .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the regularized coefficient for an mpf or a .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   k
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of the specified pid cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the return information for a given yaml .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  return   system
truth:  run   run

test:  run the command and return its script_name state .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  run   return
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  signal for a posix pid .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  join   status
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the directory path .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  return   file
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create and returns the empty subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  return   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a simple wrapper around reason the given reactor instance .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  access   call
truth:  adds   a

test:  convert a list of json format to an existing schema .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if and only if the worker models are pending .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network warning associated with a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an http header for the cookie value .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for invalid templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the 1-in-n minimum score of the array by an axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  returns   center
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies a ccx response for all published objects of the given course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse transform of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert unicode strings to string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  main function to main function .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  aborts   connection
truth:  sets   sets

test:  factor a persist string to a datetime .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class for the object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around pos .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create the path to the file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the truth value of the given word .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : primary_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we know if this field is allowed or not .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  installs an exception .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  rendering   function
truth:  saves   null

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  routes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks the hypervisors and return the services for each version'] .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  mask mask to be passed to unicode .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return an appropriate number of hardware select() .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a django content string with foreign attributes .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert text into a list of text and edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns the metadata for a valid country code for the specified region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns from the openerp version .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a function or check class as a policy priority .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  set request widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  request   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  perform set of buffers to the object and partition .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  show error messages .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the highstate + suitable for a _sunder_ descriptor .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   puids
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a 'graph' graph of a graph g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  get the number of decimal numbers for locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of sympy parts .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  return a random argument field with some parameters field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a name to the directory that configuration should be spin after the changes used for older versions of the target bundle by the path to the changes .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   url
truth:  push   a

test:  this function prints a list of environment variables .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  function   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculates the text text of a number of text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  error   window
truth:  null   part

test:  given an instance of the system lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  model   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  return full archive of the directory containing one domain names .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  make   return
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of total hqe for this web .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  build a sequence of aliases .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   implementation
truth:  build   a

test:  this builds a consumer metadata for the given file .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  mean   metadata
truth:  set   set

test:  verify a mock is executable in the given arguments .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  like   a
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run bytestream .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a vmin diagram of the current axes in [composit:cascade] .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator that skips a test if k is true parameters skip_condition : bool if not true or openstack test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to salt cloud storage .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets a key for the encryption hash of the encryption hash and return a dict of it .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears internal caches of the global list .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing and some values are missing and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate one random alphanumeric alphanumeric text .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  like send_catch_log .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  import   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  used to execute calls to make this function calls an empty function calls .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of the tests in the directory where all of the given suffix is considered considered args: path: : str name of the .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute by a dotted name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu shape of input image with respect to the appropriate roots using cudnn from the input shape .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  using   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume classes .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a mock string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  utf-8   python
truth:  null   functions

test:  format sys .
truth: main program . 
test:  format   command
truth:  null   program

test:  speed a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test with non error handling .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the shortest degree of edges for a weighted node .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked packages in a linked package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the complete complete graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the get the data directory for this script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for pip .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the user can change instances to the campaign engine .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   url

test:  convert a qt param into an object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper func = a rational rational rational exponent .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if a square can be an ec2_connect sum .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize a dynamodb dynamodb to the corresponding dynamodb dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a line titles into lines of the response .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  splits   virtual
truth:  split   a

test:  translates an expression to a propositional function .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a directory this script exists .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of }/api/datasources' .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if cmd is a terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  open   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a list of uris strings for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a single csv file with the name of this directory .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  get   dataset
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the id of a string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove globally installed logging from an "inclusion .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   rank
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the retrying swapcase(s) .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a tree of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date to be passed into the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate the value .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   integer

test:  change the output of the item since the epoch is a byte string .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package is in the configuration .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all detected ids .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version string to add requests to the page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether the object is an instance of the rat class .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate the application to an application error for the app .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  import an error by path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function or asynchronous a thread from the reactor .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  make   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for all the project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   storage
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a domain image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper that transparently handles bom encoding .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert key to value .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable any basket object from the elb name .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   uses
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the first letter of a string n with the given message .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   current
truth:  updates   updates

test:  store waffle information to disconnect the current session body and get the appropriate json data report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether translation is being passed to correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  fixture: fixture: worker processes in parallel .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   one
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation for a timezone .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  split a file into a relative path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  module   a
truth:  code   code

test:  convert cinder volume types to a block storage volume id .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  convert   pretty
truth:  constructs   null

test:  convert an array into an array objects .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  convert   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  turn string containing only the character ids to unicode .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that it gets turned into method automatically handles automatically execution .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  utility function to test if the given datetime object is an error object to a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  is   return
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the specified xblock has required .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of file names from the given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  return   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update makefile in the user .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   plots
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a vbd create a vbd instance and vdi to vbd when the object and vdi was created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  used as a function to identify the morphological format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  used   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  returns the name of a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   region
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce original_size original_size by padding original_size .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids specified .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  count string to a single dimension of it along with the number of characters .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   method

test:  send a process to the given pid using the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  sends   running
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert mapping file into a dictionary that represents the equivalent of lists .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check if a string is a 20 .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  to   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this should take the usage of a yaml cluster to make sure that the test code are not used in the same cluster as an environment .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  test   usage
truth:  obtain   a

test:  decorator to temporarily turn on emrobject .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  usage: {{ sina: }} .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register the given attribute by the default pep 302 service .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   add
truth:  register   handler

test:  check if a sequence is ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert ipv6 address to an ipv6 address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  instantiate with an enqueued endpoint to this endpoint .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string made up of random characters from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the current axis indexer information about the given axis .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  slice   slice

test:  redirect to a requesting request .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  internal helper that returns a maximum number of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  list tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  runs a command in the shell command .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  execute   output
truth:  null   interface

test:  return the url for the servers tld of the given domain name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return the location of classpath url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  git   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given relationship attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all the files found on this platform directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the current email address does not pass to a current email address .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  if   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  runs another command .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  executes   kill
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return list of current container names in the root directory .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function for a vector keys from a binary vector .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  function   mask
truth:  get   row

test:  a length of an array using x along a receive distribution parameters x : array-like returns window : array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  estimate   axis
truth:  apply   a

test:  compute the 1-d array containing those elements .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given the push in this form:: operation uget operation is currently likely into docker logs .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  apply   check
truth:  input   input

test:  return link to prettify with the system urls are on an html link in the index page .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   schedule
truth:  get   get

test:  convert images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  function   function

