test:  returns the number of basic ]partition suite for a ]partition .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   tellstick
truth:  setup   setup

test:  write the current of tests declared as probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like units .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   return
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds paths to a theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  function to guess the template name and can be found .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  to   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  create a capturing component .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  return a copy of redis and a file path with out of the files in the provided file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the minimum grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get and write a gnu triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a test unless a screenshot of simple_stmt is redirected .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  attribute   steps
truth:  null   method

test:  program a program including profile information .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  build   a
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the init celery .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  a decorator to wrap a function into a specified instance .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  decorate   name
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  helper function to get a valid time for use with the provided time .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   get
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  strategy a largest strategy where the original node colors .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the users groups for the given uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   password
truth:  process   process

test:  generates a list of tracks from the given numpy wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   a

test:  decode a single string from an given base64 .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an error order x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  remove   sqrt
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the specified register key is greater than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find index in the given tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  selects   quote
truth:  indices   indices

test:  a dummy session to the session['client'] of a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  shut   asserts
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  replace python source string to include standard python errors .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  fix   line

test:  check that visually .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a content-type into a list of components .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  run :mod:cmd for a running container name container name container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a output_dir url from a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  providing the nth exception of every error in annotations and catch them into a python data object .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  receive   categories
truth:  request   request

test:  gets the time slice for a range of time seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  indexing a subset of x and return it as a indexing or raises an array .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  generates a list of time ordering for certain situations .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the concurrently has changed .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  evaluate a chars as a string or raise an exception .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  evaluate   multiply
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a description patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  this script generates the main site from the commandline command .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  execute   list
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  does high have primary date in standard /usr/bin .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  does   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task a task to the slot slot slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  update   task
truth:  start   start

test:  return how many indices are dynamically enter the same name .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns the integration manager for the current global applications .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a boolean value for the given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a special group type for the default group .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if key_path is a => csc/csr component .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  list haproxy socket haproxy backend socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   server
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  like module .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  return   one
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file server on the remotes server .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make matched text metadata .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  the time entry point structure is the correct number of only one single variable and the correct localized .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs the first variable passed that passed in django .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  store a user from a user to store an failed token .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  sets   model
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial f of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task context is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the nth covariance of the probability covariance matrix .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the pixel paths .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a string from a predicate that can be used as an predicate each predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  stop all configured tests by marking the options as a results .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  stop   run
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  generates the y-axis statistic from a tensor parameters x : str the sampling value of the desired coefficients .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  generates   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of both two []missing sets .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  null   depth
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  provides the sequence of length in a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  provides   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a thread of menu and shows it .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  shuts   null

test:  the url for getting the desired module version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   version

test:  get the default namespace to get an object .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  get   null
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay setting of the wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  from a list of functions .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the job for openshift-creator or yaml .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove data from database .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  load   remove
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the absolute path of the data .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a wrapper for views that should be logged in the client tests .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  null   api

test:  returns the matching base class .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  run   run

test:  helper method for setting a physical filename .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a new python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python python environment for friends .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if the slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a value in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the hamiltonian ports from the given line-feed .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  turn   a

test:  asserts that object is a assert of an object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  native the native sets contents into the python object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  reflect   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the dominating 'node{}isnotin sets of the graph g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  generates a null structure .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  return the push key for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable all the termination image qualified on opennebula .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  locate the entire options and options that has a special path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a compatible keyboard that can be sent by asset_key .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  reboot   attributes
truth:  set   x

test:  return the partition of the values of an rectified sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  return the name of the specified timeout cli example: .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  looks   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return an approximation to the given list of distances .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uniformly mock text .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  p   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_no_params_with_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert the path to a folder by entire filename .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a resource_view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clears   return
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests if we are currently negative .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   increment
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of a directed graph g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  make pickle records .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  make   appstats
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  constructs a class for the elemwise inplace .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  constructs   update
truth:  replace   a

test:  return the path to the user-specific config file specified .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   media
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue background request for a given fork .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address and a user object .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  given a module name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  module   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the legend according to the given frame frame .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  return   show
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the standard mako event with gevent .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  function   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  show   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of the length - useful for the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a file from associated with the http/1 .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  gets   read
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  trim a variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from primitive .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  clean   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display the matching value for the given value .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current cache parameter .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   time
truth:  update   update

test:  fitness to benchmark fitness .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  calculates   key
truth:  given   a

test:  given an exception name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  create path for 'ok\n' .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  change the name of the ec2 group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the spider of the file descriptor object .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  all assets that are assigned to the contexts method .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   call
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that the exploration ids are valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  a backend should get a new transcripts snippet to identify groups within verbosity 3 .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  fetches the task id .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a datetime object to the format defined in the given timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the spacing that can produce the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   depth
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list pat that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cylindrical convex for a return .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  create a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  writes the given stream to a binary stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  object   object

test:  fixture which generates and no series for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  fixture   override
truth:  override   override

test:  wrapper to get a reversed url for the given route name .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test installing from svn after editable after editable works .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  null   uninstalling
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple function to return a list of member .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a common chart operations .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete installed packages from the datasets .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  delete   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  return the current row of n .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_pillar to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   grains
truth:  sync   sync

test:  creates the formatterwith formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  makes   line
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  create   a
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the object contained in the object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the type with the given type x .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a new database connection with a user .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  dump shape to file .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert the arguments to list .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns correct translation object for a given translation .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  correct   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  fetch the list of json dataset from s3 .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  iterate   null

test:  decorator to require an item if it gets called or method is called .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   data
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot abort the trend report for a build to provide its build step throws the jenkins of python extension .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace all urls in text with unix characters .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  support the output of plain pickle text into an appropriate plain text .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  has   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the callable .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   psutil

test:  create a random random cloud characters .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  accepts a list of python template information .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  clears the top of a recursive application .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  clears   detail
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the value for a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if there are any minimal arithmetic .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize an application to json so that it can be embedded between the name of the json without loading an application .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  return a list of exceptions .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  sets   remove
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait until a function is ready successfully wait until a function completes .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  this function returns a javascript file from the appropriate urls for all the xmodule files .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  returns   a

test:  send an email to the given message .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  js   i
truth:  email   email

test:  given a template name and a theme .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  tests   reverse
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in g from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   networkx
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert variable to config floatx variable of config .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  convert   endpoint
truth:  casts   a

test:  get the context of a given output groups the given output .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a flocker acl distribution .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  it can output with colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  parse and convert a string value to a [2] type .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a class that can be saved .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  create   update
truth:  return   a

test:  return plugin of an plugin facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  gets   sums
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  configures any top-level records to demonstrate tests .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  configures   type
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flip that pops or update an element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages using opkg translation .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  list   list

test:  set groebner using groebner .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert non-central for the mnc[ order of leftjoin() .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  adjust   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  takes the contents of a warning header and returns a tuple .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  if user is an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test timings .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   packagefinder
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   method
truth:  required   method

test:  adds two local objects for a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  to   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  code main function creates application to run application while returning trailing spaces with application .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  code   null
truth:  determine   a

test:  attempt to remove the pidfile of a path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a list of netstat .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  given   name
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  limit the shape of a controller using a standard set of exceptions .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  count   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the parameters is an dbsuccess programmatically .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns if each item of the first arrays are the first arrays of array .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  if   method
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to a string .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove all subprocess files from destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  return sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   sys

test:  the total int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  finds   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  abort section from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dictionary of plugins when given plugin is valid .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  user fixture to write instances to raw instances .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  writes a text to a file .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  writes   options
truth:  print   print

test:  the html document for a previewed error .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   up
truth:  to   null

test:  return the device name from salt parameters hmac2 : str or unicode object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the count of the sequence in a set of count between -1 .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string length .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render a list of featured rotation rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects for db .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  modified   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   handler
truth:  null   entry

test:  return identity object .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  resolve a function spec to be called in database .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  filename   import
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a unicode path into unicode equivalent .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return out a numpy image zoom .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  performs   in
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  sets   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  if any exception headers and return the post or cherrypy headers .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates a translation unit id for the user .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  generates   detail
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the values of a sequence or raise common .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  given   a

test:  builds vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns all nodes from a list of model objects .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that an error message while the expected value of the input object .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  creates dataset with project ids .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  check   a
truth:  add   add

test:  finds the desired []set object .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all directory to the directory that contains the user .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  exceptionsdef how long find an environment in the sample_names .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   reload

test:  returns a list of all element to the given first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that transfer is the same class that takes no transfer class and y .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list containing all available python modules filepaths .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   return

test:  get a location from the local provider object .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a sequence of a 'cannotloadbyte' buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute disk vcpus that hosts .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   project
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects syntax in the review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  run   a

test:  make sure that a condition in an instance of the specified condition .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  make   return
truth:  executes   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  sets the global database with the provided pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   version
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a given user exists on the postgres server .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events on the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  used by modules into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return dictionary .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  dictionary   output
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decide which successive element and returns a list of elements .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  perform contributors in contributors and contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make sure the admin site is raised .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  have   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes an iso 8601 dates and returns a timezone date string and the timezone info .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the pyname of nodes of a graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can extract the steps passed .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   scenario

test:  get a collection list by status .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert version string to the middle-most version .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  convert   version

test:  return the roman time of n .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  the function to evaluate a continuous sequence .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  to   exponential
truth:  null   null

test:  view method to render a list of all requests for a given user .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  view   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a list of numbers to hex references specified in nf .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  translates the pickled network bytes() to a python object .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  takes as deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of binary applications binary representation of the command .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a project project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   mock
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  override the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop for cylindrical radius .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  drop   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts a system path to a dotted package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used by a new python constants file and associated files .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   head

test:  recursively system sass directories to include the files in root_path .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  normalize   source
truth:  list   list

test:  resolve a line arguments .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a breadcrumb for the given page or none if the path is a valid page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  return   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns an otu otu map file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page presents a dict and link to the automatic page of the user provided .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of files in this source directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  imports an object or dotted notation based on its path and return a string like: .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a chunk of channels .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed image : the path to the capability to install returns: a capability folder .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  extract volume name from a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   null
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  tests all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  mark   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a vm in a thread using a twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   a
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for requests .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  obtains   null

test:  return true if the user should be used as a later resource .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a disk usage .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of configured containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a clonespec responsible to build a vm map .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  stretch the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  check that the value of all the requests modified key values are in the original .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   syntax
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns list beta methods for beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  list   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of instance specified by a proc class name .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture which get a helper fixture to libhlc .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   function
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  finds all items in the given selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  search   a
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume from the given datacenter .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that the sar bar lines also we send an input to float32 with a shared total input .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  download layer for url or a url .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  download   handler
truth:  is   null

test:  copies the file to a new version of the source directory .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign file with the same bytes .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  file   compare
truth:  create   lhs

test:  takes a size of tuples with the given size l .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  map   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  query metadata for the below .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   get

test:  index of lowest index rating .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   policy
truth:  flow   flow

test:  given name is found as strings .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  name   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   linear
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture which get a fake cookie .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  given a whole annotation .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  given   value
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a collection of instance of a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the reservations .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a url is a link to relative .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup platform component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return as sys .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator of epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   commutators
truth:  test   methods

test:  takes a search specification for node .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to return rankvals layer .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  to   fft
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get the scan since the accounts task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  get   tasks
truth:  returns   status

test:  gets a initializing from the page .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  checks   update
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   case
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new tenant and checks if it exists .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the total neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch using ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to create timer numbers that are the same as default .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  check that the value of color limits .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two items of a site_contact_person() channel .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the configuration directory instance .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  list required state for a trees .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to sanitize values from dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given an integer .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  to   null

test:  provides a dictionary of result read from a given dict .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  given   null

test:  display an alternative font .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the metadata of a group of .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the sending of the given snmp key .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   check
truth:  manage   null

test:  sample a header table for omega .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  header   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a list of compatible icon for the given icon .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml element from saml .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make the output of a xblock xblock file .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  make   properties
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to get the priorities[priority]else instance .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the color function at the given color .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  color   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test rasterization positions according to the owns rate patch setting .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  check   use
truth:  function   function

test:  if the subscription subscriptions subscriptions is considered by the given collection or raise if they are more than one .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  if   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this decorator will call the decorated method .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the beginning of the provided index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users password of a postgresql user .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  change   update
truth:  set   set

test:  test function of the valueerror of the list of acceptable duplicated .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  check   check

test:  return the **kwargs of functions which have been deleted .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   numpy
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  return   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a state output of the dictionary to be returned as output of the state functions .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return the first cli portion of tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the cpu info flags are available on this cpu .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the : targets for a tensor .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns a map of used for the given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a document class .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  adds   documents
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates the attributes from the xml element but not creates a list of elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  creates   args
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks a rule for absent allowed to mark a method as absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a new song dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns true if given stream is valid json string .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  verify   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for debugging its traceback intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  stack   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  undo undo .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  replace   decorator
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a list of actors that matches the given dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the path to the network url .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hack and return the yield pickle file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata from a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the correlation matrix of correlation examples: .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a collection of html tags to the given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height x ratio of a tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  perform classification score .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  perform   similarity
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate config variable .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name of a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  return   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  takes either a row or a table and returns a dictionary of country codes .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  takes   guess
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  adds an event for the types: key .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  saves   update
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return true if vim mode is acceptable .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse metadata api response from a response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  takes an :class: .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether a string given an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  return the description of a line which can be searched for an nginx file .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  split id .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  do   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return get_distros() and cleanups: representation .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  resample   debugging
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce expression .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  compare the grid of bottom-hat annotation .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  null   a

test:  save py3 as indexes on song .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  save   virtual
truth:  open   playlists

test:  return the resource specific resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  set   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if a filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   filename
truth:  null   framework

test:  save custom ascii file install .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  modify   read
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  return an unix observer object .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the set of targets in which the target list of targets exist .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance of an instance for a server cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  create   replacement
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of projects associated with the specified projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a len cpu cpu .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unpack the ccx of a and a .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  allows   arrays
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the user has specified permission to use the permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a sqlalchemy license key .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument to be interpreted by stripping .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a requests requests .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack that the response matches a particular command line .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks if a table with the data in a pandas setting .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  if   bytes
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure column-ordered works when a test with a class .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user authentication library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   file
truth:  null   style

test:  id external domain to be passed .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the processes in the system .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  adds an auth object to the api .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  null   view
truth:  if   null

test:  start the matrices expansion .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  start   matrices
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create docker chart path .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mocks   tenant
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find all files in a given file .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  check if a release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that samphub is loaded .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a new git repository .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  difference between 2 and log array for gof dimensions .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  helper to get a versioned resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the sum of angle errors from equal to .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  check   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a list of selected slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  given   range
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  replace all rectified on one region of all rectified .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  replace   configures
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two or more dictionaries of files .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  performs   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return the leading norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  return a dictionary of paths from a file path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   users
truth:  list   list

test:  return an new links for the given url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of keys from string .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compatibility function that wraps a new path .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a valid valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the value of a boolean string that match the directory .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes python object to read-able .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  results   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary command to be used with ops .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  the lu using a message .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  from high repeats repeats .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to return true for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the python interpreter in twisted .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  return the git statement for a matrix .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  context   context

test:  ensure a type is an instance of a class or unset .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a path .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup the logging level for the command line .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  default implementation of multiple lines .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns gamma reciprocal of the discrete logarithm of n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  r^2   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  open all packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  installed   print
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb model object in the trigger given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name from a sha1sum name to a flat pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the position of a library .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this method determines if a runtime is a blending dependency structure .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  takes   timestamp
truth:  if   null

test:  crash command in a pdb coordinate directory .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  replace   key
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  return a valid template name from the given string .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the index definition in the test case .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  sets   index
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the samplefilefor settings cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check whether the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit user .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  if blobs is ~astropy .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the instance id .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash used to compile a persistence configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a list of all action actions .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  return   links
truth:  creates   classes

test:  a list of tuples .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  trivial trivial polynomials in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   polynomial
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  main function to run raw npm with args via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  disable   function
truth:  take   a

test:  get all tasks .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  vectorized transpose .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  vectorized   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an existing section 9 .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get or create a new database .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  get   task
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   find

test:  solve a differing into f terms .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solve   add
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a module with the given name and returns a dict .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  module   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add the correct request remote token to half .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   information
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array of x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   cast
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname that are of the installed function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a path to a given filename .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  return   open
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the wsgi environment .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adapted from git-reset(1)_ .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  like   calls
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a certificate for using clients .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns the windows console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all of the currently loaded plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the absolute path as an absolute path with ~user and env applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective metadata for the course that are cached .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a template name .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generates   commands

test:  display an object by id .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  display   upgrade
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a hierarchy of objects from text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  create   prints
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  adds eeg to eeg maxshield .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  function   function

test:  adds the given attributes to the target class .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  register   target

test:  recursively include system include system include from macro .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  traverse   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency type .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status of the specified service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is used .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  is   connection
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the status of the specified service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the accessible representation of a collection .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  get   attributes
truth:  to   connect

test:  clear the inheritance from the dacl set .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  clears   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a new string of the client and the specified dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that forces func to be run .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate a build request .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  build   fixture
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  update source directory containing sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  source   update
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for tests that require callable specified in callable .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues the users change their email change .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple object definitions documents from a string or stream of metadata definitions from the last-modified definitions .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert tpot scoring function .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy data and add it to app engine apis .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check the cache directory of caching and create a cache bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first element of the string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  return   null
truth:  multiply   a

test:  upload a blob to the saving returns: dict: a blob .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the wrapped function on the provided objects when the task starts with the modified timestamp .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   update

test:  construct discrete attributes from the specified descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  import   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of respective blocks .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  mark a new expression matches the :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the time of the minimum value .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n is selfridge of n .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  this returns a desktop environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  format url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  url   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute subtitle bincount and h as valid .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the possible file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   search

test:  return user and return an item object .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parses a ajaxsearch .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has all rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  show the database and outputs a datetime .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  default   json
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator for the use of exploration exploration render user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute a list of twice must have a fractions target .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  have   calculate
truth:  add   add

test:  test that you cant add an on-disk file extension .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special timeit .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a output .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fixes encoding from a source code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  fixed   return

test:  make sure that baremetal blacklist doesnt raise an exception .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  make   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  read a file and return a valid one .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given file contents is gzip in the compute sensor .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   -
truth:  is   null

test:  return the y intersection of the segment if it does not already exist .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  default deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the requested key key messages .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   loading
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict with keys of all model and case .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   files
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the user is currently active .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the username from a network device .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  get   detail
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new empty contents from a filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator for benchmarks which return a function with the given context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculate the gwmt of the individual dedent dedent .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert the int from bootstrap_formset into unicode .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  to   null

test:  fix the editor case you should have a custom case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  returns the first available items in the given list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  list   list

test:  check the subset of a common object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   interface
truth:  if   check

test:  get loop without length .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  loop   line
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if the managed server is not running a server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  get   configure
truth:  null   one

test:  disable a function; operation on the expected numpy array .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  disable   translate
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if the search is a '^var .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper to parse a log specification .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  to   xml
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a new path .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  check the argument flag .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  adds response attributes to response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  request   send
truth:  attach   response

test:  test gzip .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  switch   data
truth:  test   test

test:  return permissions recursively .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  time scaling of the input representation of a sound stocenv: ystoc envelope timescaling: input representation .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   node
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  same as sparsearray .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   value
truth:  merge   merge

test:  create directories related to directory .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  mark   install
truth:  removes   null

test:  test all of the installed regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  broadcast   update
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the n from n nodes of n the node table .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a potentially image representing this image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns cliques cliques of the graph g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trim a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary composed of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   binary

test:  transpose data into something that can be used to convert data structure .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   size
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read determining .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   read
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager for qiime_config_files requests .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a cell reference to its cell reference .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method to reset the git sdk .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  run   command
truth:  resets   null

test:  computes the three dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  calculates   json
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a user-cfg cleanenv .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  build   use
truth:  test   test

test:  list the related field matching a sequence of attributes .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  get a value for a charts charts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a phone number and returns the necessary for a given carrier .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert string s to float objects .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  compare   convert
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return module details which should be used to access the default creator field .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  return   data
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get an idle idle method .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  set   get
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the nearest flux esxi of a sequence of greek/metric multi-dimensional .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  determine   set
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a list of certs in the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the inverse modulo of the truncate email in a linear unicast .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   statistics
truth:  sum   sum

test:  is the interactive python interactive interactive python shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  turn   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  expand fields in definitions installation .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add color filter to an image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  color   a
truth:  color   color

test:  wraps a value_on password with the specified key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a service to the application .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   service

test:  return the user can edit a given model name .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  helper method to get a year that can parse a year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  build   build

test:  test novell when a signal is called on a update .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  open a new copy of the given github api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  commit   return
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a compensation .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of theano .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a union that tests the os-independent union of x .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  null   x
truth:  does   null

test:  returns the first other segment of the other function .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  find two computation of reads .
truth: two branches . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return an object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   method

test:  return x as an array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  return the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  add multiple collections to null .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  if   users
truth:  return   a

test:  load a python manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   path
truth:  update   update

test:  render a value from template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  implementation of the bound process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  null   process
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 response .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  if   test

test:  gets the path and databases needed for the given db .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if name is a datetime .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test b="bar" merge using training .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  given   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the line clique graph of the given bipartite graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call f and evaluate exception after big .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  call   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  nth nth integer of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  partitions   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unicode unicode objects to the renderengine and 3 .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  unicode   force
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade ports on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   quota
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  helper to return the contents of filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  this function converts a dotted document and the xml form .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  function   order
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to iterate over a simple dict .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  return   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert the int int from internal address into python int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test whether it should read in radians .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that bin is used on a valid mri directory and the data argument .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  function   scaling
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  check a dataset header .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  minimize   field
truth:  null   mine

test:  return meg part of x and y by the given off off .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  return   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete an elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return all weights from x .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are left naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  change   power
truth:  reboot   a

test:  the main loop of the current locale extension .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  compute   method
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate and decode any exceptions .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  generate   notify
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  takes a string using values as a dictionary of the string using the breadcrumb signature .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get the attributes from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  yes/no question takes a yes/no question and returns a squeeze value .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  question   null
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free coefficient of a polynomial in gf(p) .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the empty slices of n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the representation of the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition device name .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  the last pem data pem among the last whitespace in the pem and returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  gets an app_label value for name from list by name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   html
truth:  change   change

test:  run the command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   +

test:  mail -> html test has at least one messages .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  advance   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output repoman .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  throw   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes protocol data from the url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  given   null

test:  writes the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   need
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  prints the product of the given item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a human-readable string in iso 8601 notation to convert a human readable format .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  only skip a test if the current test is run .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  long line candle .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  and another method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  multiply two labeled polynomials using leading and g .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  sets the string to be 2 whitespaces .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  sets   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  gcd   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  takes   api
truth:  null   api

test:  get root elements of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to wait until the element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  return a list of all available memory .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  create a default formatters for the given default stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  insert the pipeline into the pipeline area .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   strings
truth:  if   null

test:  extract tag content from a node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  time   check
truth:  tag   tag

test:  shorten a line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   context
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects to the appropriate url which redirects to the given url .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   test
truth:  install   a

test:  dynamically creates an object and returns a message class based on its whitelisted module .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  determine if a cloud automation before running .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate concatenate that a byte array of blocks .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   new

test:  dont even if given nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  leading   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the virtual server cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a valid recaptcha field name for google dict-like or recaptcha .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves value of the input parameter .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert notes which have uniquely notes into a json string .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level module from a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to get a context for the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get no tests for the desired user .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  to   strings
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  manages   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  port for gpio input distribution .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  a background step should print it accordingly under background process .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  get a list of resource groups from a github instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns a list of nodes of nodes in the graph given a list of nodes or a cycle .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save the versions of the latest manifest to the new manifest .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group message to the current message along all unique values .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a list of actions to a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the absolute outgoing url in the outgoing outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  returns the prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  automatically bootstrap script .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  create a certificate client for using the given certificate path .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parses a hostname and returns host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to make sure the email address is valid .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  email   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  load date/time certificate from the given certificate to reads the certificate subject do pkcs#1 form of each certificate form urllib .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  loading   get
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a graph or dictionary .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  log a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  git   method
truth:  to   method

test:  a context manager that injects the user to short-circuit permission .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if x is a borrowed chart using the right args .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  if   text
truth:  opens   null

test:  generate csv for all python source files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password to the cached host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   way

test:  get the current submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  null   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running the "harvest" server is set correctly .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex dictionaries .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip a test unless a test function is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  helper function to remove cached values from a list of tuples .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  function   strings
truth:  remove   remove

test:  do so that diskcache in the s3 global state is always actually there .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  if   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the name of the file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  writes   open
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image driver function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes all f and decides if arrays are a tensor in tensors .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   query
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves an existing virtual machine template from a given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point is in the loops zone and it is large .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   update
truth:  get   segments

test:  returns the given path string that is *not* to the one class name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  force   return
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the spot request names in the background provider .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  verify   updates
truth:  test   test

test:  transform user to registered mode .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  transform   in
truth:  list   muting

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of functions of a function .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the names callback based on a function .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  were   null

test:  return an environment page page value .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  empty : rule identifier | lpar stack .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes of the graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return information about a specified nodes managed by the specified nodes or partial prefix cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  required changes based on the path .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  null   development
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a new file in the items of the specified file .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  create   attempts
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  softmax of the values of the given expression .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  normalize   p
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if data is a binary string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  search for git keywords keywords .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  search   checks
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  check the address of an email facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  requests   netmiko
truth:  to   connect

test:  recursively remove all words from the given console .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  clears   trace
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative mean of a gaussian divergence .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a course by querying id .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised depending on a positive .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  take the account content from the states and do it will be written as a test .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if expression is a node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return the client for the given user .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the dominating edge matching the graph g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   minimum

test:  use this function .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function for the bounds matrix rows .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  is   x
truth:  make   a

test:  checks that given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove quotes from the string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if distribution has installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a pem-encoded requirements list .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a custom representation of obj and parse the user management state .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  is   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  implements the continuous backreturn of f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  order   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  given a like: page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  search   method
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper function to create an email address .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  adds   null

test:  verify that a function can be used as fasta fasta filepath .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   sequences
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parses an http accept-* header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sets a value to the queue .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  sets cell sequences in reverse order so that they can be used to access actions .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  sets   reverse
truth:  print   print

test:  return the cosine on a line3dcollection line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a shortcut for the credential fileinput function .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  maximum a tree and split below the maximum suffix .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy complex .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get a valid route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  record   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return an environment variable from a ros environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  return   none
truth:  get   a

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  save the error type for the resource .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  splits a requirements file to use to enable the requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   database
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return new connonical 2011 .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  return   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response body that emits extra error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  serializes a migration for secret .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  build   server
truth:  executes   null

test:  checks all files that the given package is present within the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs together type successfully handles certain values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a dataset into a dataset .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   decode
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  issue   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if tables .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  if   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download job references to the latest additionally object .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to require a test to be a bootstrap entity .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   resize
truth:  join   join

test:  generate a domain instance for local track the current time in the epoch .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and return a proxy for a given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application name for list_option .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the host and returns the every ip of the given vm .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity of nodes connectivity and shortest tweets .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bootstrap a valid api client to the given api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  bootstrap   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  find trees in a terminal graph for a given sequence of trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print the sampling datetime .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   run
truth:  print   print

test:  gets member of an eauth history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  verifying   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  lazily init cublas .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  show the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  default   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all the values from number of users .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse lookup voor model fail .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if xfs is a xfs instance .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  returns   testing
truth:  return   a

test:  create a vector of tuples .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  dtype   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic cuda variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be reboot .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the handler of scrapy .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   infer
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  outset a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return the layer matrix-vector directory based on the python python python .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the draft of the given draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the node is an node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   collar

test:  compliant transformation of indices of n .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  replace   replace

test:  exponential correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   send
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a string containing the system and os .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  review review request as html .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  review   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a main filename and merge it into min_size using main way .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parse   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  find closest matches the given value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special chars of the given string .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  context variables required to use in the temporary authentication .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   processor
truth:  context   context

test:  utility function to return the folder iff the given folder path .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  function   function
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator for marking functions or method if caller is a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   purpose
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run a single command handler .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   encoding
truth:  run   a

test:  test mail .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  enqueue event queued .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  list   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to get an certificate from a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  if the supplied date date to a specific xblock has been created .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  return   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  convenience function for whitelist the sample dataset .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  sample   num

test:  delete a config .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  shad256 model of a cdf .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  test for get word from a 'pvar' file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade whether or not to refresh the package database before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   remove
truth:  run   a

test:  reset ckans environment .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that the base redirect works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  return an object from the connection which has the specified connection .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the letter in multiproduct format for numpy array .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  execute commit against the system .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  short   get

test:  apply nudge projects for an x .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a model class .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the linear multivariate function receives the linear scotts examples .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   project
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a list of courses certificates for a course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  unicode obj .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  parses the top level of the string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or none .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  return a row from the cursor as a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  perform a blob mapping key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  perform   get
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return probability about x and y .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   dispatch
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  'clustercommit' riak cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  reverse   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  a wrapper around recordtype that receive in the given object .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  object   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  works encrypt entries from csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  use   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  return the hmac-sha1 of the provided version and a version address .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets qubit info about a file contained in matlab .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  group any subtree that thats not part of a mask[ .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  null   docopt
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test that the backup-list signal is initialized correctly .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  kills   question
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure obj is an object or list of items .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  make a new size matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  send environment to server rule .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a testinfra that it needs to be embedded from matching >> .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a gradient from the pool .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  ensure   network
truth:  create   a

test:  get the transformed path .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a view that can be used with a post object .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  view   return
truth:  if   current

test:  the collectors before processing that runs only needs to be not in the program when program has expired .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the user info page and user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  open a string with a n-dimensional signed .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  open   filter
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with simple labels .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  generates the repeated norm of a sequence .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate hexadmecimal md5 hash of string m .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   checksum
truth:  using   encoder

test:  internal helper for creating an http error .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has check or the string "all" caches .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return the locales data request based on the locales e .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance id .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  sets   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute subtitle font to 'top' .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write stream to ldap stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  dump   db
truth:  writes   null

test:  show show metadata- metadata- .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the route53 class of the user .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: source: wrapper around php\\?v wrapper .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  utility function to generate a list of tuples of each provisions .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the template headers for the given template .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a postgresql server exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  get global state for all methods .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  is   -
truth:  select   null

test:  deferredgenerator original .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a connected fiedler matrix of graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  serialize the updates in a updates .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   configures
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking user before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python related environment under a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if the given string is an ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the direct data from the admin data .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   data
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the absolute path to the file if one exists .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the list of total elements from the "physical_host" method .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if version is installed and the other version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  splits an expression with skipped function and kwargs of the sort order .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  group command line options .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   set
truth:  null   script

test:  check if a string is absolute for characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  calculate the alignment log source of the original variance .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the expression that is true to be none .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  default users handler .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  view   list
truth:  list   list

test:  the bugfixed attribute must be turned on src .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a deactivate file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests a valid pattern matches a phone pattern .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  render a file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  using   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  recording help group .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  left of the row .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  parse   linear
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  the notify python object compiled from the notify class .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  add   add

test:  all of the s3 records for a person in the provided group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant subresultant prs of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  computes   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to keep the levi-civita attribute of an existing playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  get a list of certificate in the certificate .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  get   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  custom task wrapper around enqueue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in an iterable collection .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   values
truth:  return   return

test:  hash the password with the provided password hash and hash of the given password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decorator for lift element to native python objects .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  running   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a function which parses an error message from a new option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  build   log
truth:  log   log

test:  translate the characters of the left by the amount given by the amount of key msg to the left cipher .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  ensure cached info volume is cache .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  ensure   one
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the current network on the system .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   network

test:  saves the database .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  show   a
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy the argument to a function .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return bvals eye up the uint8 expansion .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   add
truth:  insert   identity

test:  delete all the files from the current working path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  make   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  called from django authentication module .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  find   imports
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the given context as an iterable of model .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   floor
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the function out of a function or a x .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  return list of options for a device .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert a float to int or int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  creates a valid schema from a segments file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test for y test classes .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a header that map characters in the given charset to/from unicode .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   sending
truth:  add   character

test:  called when the database is created .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   up
truth:  called   null

test:  a class decorator to create a class with a specific type .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  return the shake256 permission setting for all defined permission .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   param
truth:  return   information

test:  extract query queries from __namespace__ query .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves the passed user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  null   hint

test:  get environment variable from environment or path .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple wrapper to get the initial sentiment .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  is   use
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  calculates a list of networks associated with a tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  updates the signatures: returned by rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  updates   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue the catalogue with the given backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  access   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make the derivative of the hyperbolic logistic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  make   language
truth:  apply   apply

test:  create a redirect to the defined page .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   return
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration directory .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   back
truth:  update   update

test:  show a command used for a child with the specified version .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  start   null
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for non-requestscookiejar .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump all the currently logged-in users .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   float
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates new process .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the unique elements in unique .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  generate art code to identify the albums was used by the albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  print   downloads
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  numel version of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  create a message for the given router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  create   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  calculates the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  strip a dict by pairs .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a currect device with a new hardware device .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a session object for the current request .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of leading cyclotomic of f in f .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts from the given host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  restart   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an switch .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  concurrently return the time as a function and returns the resulting function .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  newsubs --> a and b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  flush   expressions
truth:  change   change

test:  change the container fully fully fully qualified directory .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  display view of default view .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  default   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ip address of the given ip address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts mean and weights from a set of gamma .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if a list of local urls are available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   validate

test:  the main function .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   new

test:  the sum of the large requests and sets it .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns whether the currently defined python .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pyenv
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the specified header is a fragments .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function finds the month for the given locale indexes .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  check that laplace mask of an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  make   prewitt
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check the client for tensors and assign a hashable version .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dynamically add to remote request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sending   key
truth:  sends   null

test:  renders the list of pygments .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add an existing device to the caller .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return 32 for 32bit arch .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a bash header to the same log .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  url url for a gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of pixels from random variables .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   information

test:  creates a new event document for the event document .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  initialize   docstring
truth:  if   null

test:  turns ids in matroskas .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import all .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  module   app
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks the list of errors in errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  create   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  classifications for testing .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate a function for one function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent test methods to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the given screen .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  module   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url for the given *host* instance .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of bookmark with destroy the child process of bookmark with destroy the child values of bookmark : boolean toggle
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert lines with strings to single space characters .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  whitespace   use
truth:  return   a

test:  make httperror errors and return json redirect .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  fake   function
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates an indexed string property property property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the given formset to be used when a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  get an error handler and returns a static url .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  get   status
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  checks whether the seed is log configuration .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function that prints two otu_maps and toktype intersection of two otu_maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  function   script
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return length of thread for missing tests .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns whether a field fields of widgets is widget .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  generates   css
truth:  add   a

test:  edit the parsed 'document' .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get hypervisor hyper .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  null   torrent
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no cast .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  count   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  updates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns characteristics of the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade within the specified vlan .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a pkg .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a first argument to a callable parameters .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  default   default

test:  parse metadata from a particular fsm value .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts rgb tuple on hsv scale to rgb on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  recursively include an object within the value of the value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if there are a list of filesystem paths in the given dir .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the 3d statistic for each phase .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  run the esxcli or list of esxcli for an environment .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  run   host
truth:  set   set

test:  parse dell :class: .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an input value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  build a file containing all files for all the ignored files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which are calculated .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the windows service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  make   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  log messages using logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a numpy array [index] .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a gridin property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  save the job id for all data .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  save   null
truth:  store   store

test:  get the messages from a skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  get   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  find glob files from directory that match path .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears out any microsite caches .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   matcher
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the leading gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  explode to make a pdfdocencoding dataframe return the same data as l[ .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  to   return
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  returns the list of primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy fitting at *x*; polynomials as input and standard deviation .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  ensures a batch or esxi keys exist .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  return the mailing engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  return   force
truth:  register   register

test:  test that theres no delegate .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   script

test:  return the resulting data hash for a given data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  tag   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  operator get a divided instance when the builtin can try to handle .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  determines   git
truth:  infer   infer

test:  checks if file is a finder command .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  work   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  validate the page pointing to get them .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  validate   cherrypy
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test the info class .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   serviceprovideeditview
truth:  test   test

test:  test passing a test to the display of the examples .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  null   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns a vector of all of the subsection .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  'oneway' : opening name for opening base | device .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   warnings
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a full test with id that doesnt have the given errors .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a function that can be weakly by nodes in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a process of a process instance of a process of unary trees .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for the given list of versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  get   get

test:  grading grading function to get rsa over the specified rsa body .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  features   helper
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper function to get a datetime instance that can be converted to a datetime object .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to produce signal from email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore cached environment variable for given package .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  make sure that the format passed is not a valid elemwise .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry dictionary into a file .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  takes the coord color to a sequence of lens .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  build   add
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get an displaying from a jinja2 web page .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   a

test:  return a numpy rgb representation of a numpy rgb .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals from all new variables .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is a file as an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an action function .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   background

test:  takes a list of ftp tags and returns a list of ftp documents .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  transform   transform

test:  setup pack paths .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   imports
truth:  setup   python

test:  print the message and exits exits .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a diagrams .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers located in a task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieve request information for self-serve occuring .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  disable disabled function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   list
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the given parameters type .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  returns a string to use for the specified service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  find all the parent files in the category .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  ensure   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  test that ascending image contains all the parent specified .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  url   -
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to get the actual file path of filepath .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  function   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all registerd .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   intersections
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of two results for two within there .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to temporarily catch zip file end when the zip filesystem path .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  null   line
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the rmfile dir .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  check calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the given stats is present with the given key the given ensures that the name of the given scripts key is present with the given scripts key the
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  display the logged in a file if the given email address is a logged .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  obtain   load
truth:  is   null

test:  convert link to vm data .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  setter a module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  clean   runs
truth:  to   helper

test:  runs a db service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the libcloud attribute and not use a nested dot .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   access
truth:  access   access

test:  this should be used only from settings for assembly resources .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  default   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merges a number of valid mergedfor in params .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  avoid   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  given a python string object .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  remove a tag from a repo .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a docstring key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate a fixed ip by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  need to run a test as a total payload .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  equivalent to the prng descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   language
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the key for this entity .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  show scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  given   a

test:  for deleting an index .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   add
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the regularized coefficient in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the available mappings available on the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information for a basic data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  return   data
truth:  to   try

test:  check for the vm(s) api .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  verifies   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a time zone list to an axis .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a dictionary .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  subroutine the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   image
truth:  resize   images

test:  validate a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  turn   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  fit   fit

test:  pandas in locked from h5py .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  create   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  specific test runner can find a specific providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to see if user is installed .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  divide   null

test:  send an event to one event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  send   view
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  pack length based on a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  pack   object
truth:  encodes   a

test:  sends a call request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   fetch
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is either in the flat .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with an fishers distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skills controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the addresses of the line used for populated .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  provides a context manager that starts a static pipeline patch .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  check if the given benchmark score has been initialized out .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   method

test:  decorator to use version of ['sum' .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the index of the current axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  null   method

test:  return a options[option] connection from the specified option .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  generates   update
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  run tests .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  runs   runs

test:  turns a property into the file system .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  copy   stack
truth:  return   a

test:  given a path to the prefix passed in a broken manner .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  format   path
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   zpool
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of regexp and raw connection .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function returns lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  consider a gradient function for computing gradients .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the directory to a directory named file from the given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return a new path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   spam
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the length of a locale by the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the given distribution works .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  test   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the scope id according to pep multiple of caller .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  get   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal set of values of g or dictionary of lists .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a new line ( requirement: * useful to bypass web application firewalls that do not correspond to bypass web application firewalls .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  configures requests for the given services into the services object .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  factorize   callback
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  given a utc decimal translation .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  median of "keys" .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  runs   runs

test:  finds the total interval of a given infinite .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   books
truth:  order   order

test:  return a pops function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  return   default
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert data to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  in-place the given array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  store   store

test:  downloads a network model by a given policy .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  train   a

test:  show the master against a available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   a

test:  insert data into a single buffer .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   data
truth:  insert   data

test:  generate a bytestring b in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion group id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grain

test:  accepts an array of paths and returns the resulting error .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary yield a file and does not allow a final yield .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  create   create

test:  returns data from opennebula table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   data

test:  project management index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function for tests that can be instantiated .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  function   dataframe
truth:  perform   a

test:  set a bytearray function into a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  clean up urlpattern regexes into particular start of l{libvlc_media_list_new}() .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   create
truth:  named   find

test:  validate a timestamp .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  validate   time
truth:  check   check

test:  handler that logs the user has a valid permission to discover the user and a constructor .
truth: update request . 
test:  redirect   log
truth:  request   request

test:  do the current '#%s' version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a posix string and return a posix issue .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  helper function for all sets of a numpy array with a given shape .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  permutes   null

test:  filter files that have the special cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   merge
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a string data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  import module counts containing the es data .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  module   null
truth:  get   a

test:  handle an existing user .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  project   null
truth:  update   update

test:  raise skiptest if config and raise skiptest is configuration .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts incoming numeric characters to a string suitable for readable urls .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  ensure that when user preferences doesnt updates a user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  ensure   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  cast an object to an object .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates if the snapshot of sockets are supported .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   get
truth:  validate   validate

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   a
truth:  float   float

test:  return the position of the table passed in .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  used to place an information .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group group group security group security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  probability is an *total* projection of the *total* kind .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  is   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some email or fcm a k-means module .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  get a list of axes for the given axis .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  get   plot
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  ensure that a path is a package .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given django .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  gets the two vboxlayout .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  pass in the files to be found .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  files   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of cache names for a tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  get preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  shared   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  install djangos apps tools path .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  downloads   up
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given css data passed in data .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield live connection .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test table with data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   issue
truth:  null   null

test:  return the minimum -flow of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return string with around around key .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  float   null
truth:  append   a

test:  returns the index of elements in the list .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a template or template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  takes   a

test:  removes images in an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   virtualbox
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the names matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  choose a facts dict from facts to make it usable as sentence-like field .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  marks   apps
truth:  apply   provider

test:  set a new audio buffer for audio in the given vm .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move function to new connections .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  function   null
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for either if addon type type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of locales based on the configuration .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new instance of the new instance .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the inventories which converts a function to theta .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  using   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new dictionary that is needed to access keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  find   value
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get and sets the meaning from a given entity .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  get   exclude
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a reference sum of two large numbers .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test two numbers of docstrings .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define the logical xml .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  define   a

test:  categorize and compute dataframe parameters categories : dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  list   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the git revision revision for a pull request .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   wrap
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string of 2 random characters .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if original version is a pre-release release or a results and will return empty string .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   version

test:  generate a primary hash of a hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  calculate   a

test:  calculate the nonlinear integral of the generalized exponential integral on the nonlinear module .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  custom method to represent the first element of a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the sokal-sneath distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the minions public key fingerprint hash_type the pem key fingerprint of the minion datastore .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize terminal info according to the locale .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  settings   text
truth:  null   a

test:  force wire_encode to be used with rational .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  compare   html
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email when a recipient is a function .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  works   send
truth:  email   email

test:  compute a reliable copy of the python 2 .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  compute   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if successfully type with the lobe object appended .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a babels metadata .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in the specified store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the current excel validator for the specified config and create an supported excel dictionary .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  registers   mark
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a synonym for the egyptian error .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   issubclass
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  load a backend to send the notification to 127 .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  load   call
truth:  send   notifications

test:  create a remoteexception certificate from the given server this function supports a flow .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of the state at the current thread and return a string .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   helper
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a projects .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  build   a

test:  run the local connections on the given host and associated with the given pid if its parameters .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  run   port
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until the event is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   call
truth:  block   block

test:  get inside inside the inside and 2 plots .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  pick a list of vagrant .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flatten   node

test:  get all paths in the given set .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  serve the best match for the given request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  serve   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the host or compute for each specified host in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decodes and deserializes crypto value from an arbitrary binary value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  build   build

test:  options for the command line arguments .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  null   option
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the number as a tuple .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get file listing .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  walk   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  detect the string of a capital character .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  get   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  constructs the windows entry in the csvwrite .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  constructs   list
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the utc date using the provided date or aware datetime object .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the base base base of the selected base base url .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  url   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture which provides a file that can be used with tests .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare the sphere and boolean values along the given sphere .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a list of deltas corresponding to the user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a key .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  leading   spam
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with order coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  add a object_uri to the pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the version of the new page to use in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  sets   version
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album cli example: .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  search   search

test:  check if a scipy is actually a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service profile .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   return
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the given data from the system .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   admin

test:  is there an re which displays the raw test .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  is   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string squared error .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  verify a check from places dictionary of any available python agent .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  check   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copies the database; tool into a directory .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  cached: remainder by indegree distribution .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the name of the cache instance .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  get the user for this process .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files that have one .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload a remote document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  defined in admin view .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate tdate: ping .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  generate   disconnect
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  test a warning based raw failure dies raw failure .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  return the certificate ca ca time when it was followed .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  start the given byte string as python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  raise   helper
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  update the irreducibility base64-encoded error .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears all edummy entries .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a valid date and return a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  auxiliary indexing for x and raises an error .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parse a (which list .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister the check api .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  ensure   python
truth:  removes   a

test:  check a color c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   c
truth:  checks   checks

test:  execute command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  '//page[not nodes must all have a directed .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   page

test:  returns the list of child .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a datetime name represented by a datetime .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the zone .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating long and raises exceptions .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting for the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the maximum value passed to the testtools command .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle no args should for interacting .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  missing   init
truth:  load   tm

test:  given a bem solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  given   f
truth:  create   a

test:  return a 64-bit array of the drop array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  return uploading of e-series info with the type class .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  check   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  rule events to the server running on a given event rule .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   create
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare the encoder url .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model fs .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  find a filename for a multiplier key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  add a given user cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of the forward more than the exponential more than the exponential b-spline .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns a optimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new flagvalues instance .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a node with all nodes from the node list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a printed namespace for a pants namespace .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new server instance from the given server object .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages of fabtools linux packages .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  access   helper
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the cassandra time of the given state to yt .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all available token cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  all cmds merging .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the new big object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  convenience wrapper to do any exceptions outside given error and fail .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called after the jobs is loaded .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  called   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dense topn array in the zappa array .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files in a filesystem .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree string as a human-readable controllable .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  clears all sub-directories in an os .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to tab store .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with solaris .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the correct gui .
truth: test program . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  test   program

test:  start a restful class to run the arinv(l)=ar^{-1}(l) jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  start   function
truth:  executes   null

test:  install a file descriptor in the signal handler for the given reaping and signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a phyloxml channel string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cleanup cleanup behavior of url from url .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  creates a new random layout with random graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  time   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  test if a float resolves to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  recursively computes version of version microsoft compatibility; .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  turn   reverse
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic cuda variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  turn a datetime as a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a unicode string into a native string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  open   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   arguments
truth:  test   x10

test:  get the cache directory path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to sphinx extension .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path of executable files .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  derive   ini

test:  decorator for serialization which return a dict of attributes .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a ast function .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked response string .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  value   value

test:  returns a random gaussian distribution .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  returns xml to render date string .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  similar to ascii .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  test some data if it does not have a test .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  same as html .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if task type returns true if a new item .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  invert a list of tuples .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  password   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears out any microsite jobs from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  decide whether the file descriptor is first piece of the specification and elsewhere .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  mock   -
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  return the gender for a particular word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in form .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test cloning when a file doesnt exist .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  exception   file
truth:  require   null

test:  check if the language of the admx strings .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  set   environ

test:  delete metadata given image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy based on a numpy sympy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a password hash of the username and password .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loads the responses for linode information from markdown .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  url   new
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a single response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a configured oslo_messaging session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the show namespace and whether or not .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a router router for the search line .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  the utility method to write only desired client files to the kicking of a given master .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  tell   return
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  list the signature of machines machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  choose   functions
truth:  returns   a

test:  instantiate and off-line neg .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  instantiate   expand
truth:  null   loss

test:  filter information about the version available on the system .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  report   report

test:  create a pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  create   create

test:  return a flat list of error with standard array .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  pad   pad

test:  fix up an existing non-default by book_id back to a pointer repository .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  create   new

test:  is the given circle .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  is   terms
truth:  null   null

test:  return json object from config file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  lowercase field values .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  avoid   strip
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return a list of all total state after the given loop .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  loop   loop

test:  normalize a subjects file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return pretty data from multiple type .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  pull   index
truth:  create   a

test:  renders a string of the given context[u'milestone'] see also include a pig link from the beginning of a .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the path of local files which contains the always when creating the were added with the files .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   content
truth:  require   null

test:  convert float values into a datetime value .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  implementation to parse get_auth_provider and regular expression .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  returns the correct type for a given type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  gets   null

test:  establish the footer this message .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  build   html
truth:  send   send

test:  check whether error is installed and the exceptions .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   type
truth:  throw   null

test:  remove variables using *k* .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  gets file encoded in plain thread .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject a specific block types into a valid python class .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  fetch the most recent protocol version that is used to find the highest version of c* .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  is   null

test:  normalize the date .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  a more than one test .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  get an taskinfo object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  get   up
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filter the dad dos attack using ip addresses given ip address and check .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load the configuration from the specified python dictionary .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   new
truth:  read   user

test:  verify the singleton .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  inverts   a

test:  converts a string to a valid id .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets the users policy for the specified vhost .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  store the comment on a comment and will raise 400 .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  get the build for a dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  get   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user has more than the following fields: .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  logged in base64 encoded hex string that should always be used as hex q .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute expression on expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks all the mapping from the mapping statement to occur out of kwarg plots out of the internal .
truth: gets header . 
test:  if   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the sha1 context of a given model and name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  return a dictionary of mua .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a call .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  get the entry point for a specified path .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   versions
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two sets .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   long
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of python paths .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  return   text
truth:  generate   generate

test:  validate that a string is allowed before the start of a header header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  makes the nodes in a gl document return the hpi table .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  ensure   custom
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class representing the given llvm class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see if __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return value with the given value .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the gcode files which are not the normalized files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a token .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  host   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  given an iterable of rotations .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  given   type
truth:  receive   a

test:  convert a binary string to a list of integers .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the content from the content .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  gets   wrap
truth:  content   content

test:  parses the parsed entry from a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get list of existing figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   update
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize model with different model and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  model   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  remove all non-empty devices from the device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  remove   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades with opkg based upon repositories returns a dict containing the name of the package database cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  given web handlers .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a command to another directory .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents and data depending on the optionally given tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   return
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  return true .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   s
truth:  return   return

test:  test chart using a none .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper method that compares an asset asset ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  returns an absolute path to the tests/ directory .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies cypher using key and returns a valid dns key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  converts the union of a given expression to expr .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce a value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add a resource to the list of hardware .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   user
truth:  add   a

test:  update the encloses fields for a sig .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  update   return
truth:  used   null

test:  creates product layer for linear variables .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the steps oulines are longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a valid validator object for a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   validator

test:  request a datetime object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generate states for all states .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  does   data
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image variables based on a dict of image pixel .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the namecmd command .
truth: internal function . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  transform iri to agreement .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line option with the same serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dict of followers/following that are not a set of opennebula scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy environment environment variable .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  dictionary   script
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  determine the user_id of an oauth2 user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  generator to return a mean of a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  determine if a provided token .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  if   decode
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  returns a list of cheatsheets from the line .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  read   in

test:  set a thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  graphics ack python 2 .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  null   -
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert columns with right types to a sphere system .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of {field_index: } in the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this ip address and returns the rpc readable ip address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  ip   calculate
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the associations for the specified computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id refresh : mine or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pause   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs the word in a list .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  make   a

test:  label entry point .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   metric

test:  run the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  function   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check if filename is valid .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if a networkx file should read from a url for reading .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generates image files in the given directory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  generates   script
truth:  based   demo

test:  wait for the right url into the auth .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  wait   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return data about all known files that have a particular option .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the softmax layer can be consistent as supplied .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the directory for instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  find a single machine by its name .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiplies a vector to the time .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiplies   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   null
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sgi -> string return a copy of the string s with leading whitespace removed .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  done the connection to be handled .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  generates and decode a list of dicts .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  create os length of system folders .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  lists all the items .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  cross the the main area of the infinite area .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  cross   cross

test:  returns a tuple of entry_points .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect or 302 result .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test for classifier classification .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  test   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid dns valid format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the circular mean along a polygonal curve in *n* dimensions .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  given a query dictionary .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  quotes   try
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all the child product of two terms .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new api cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  download tv tv file from depth .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test whether a block is enabled .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  func decorator to be a function to be a valid attr .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for imported discovery if python-redis is installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  expects a lan user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  called   imports
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  assert that the buckets mode is well-formed .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if path is a file path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  cache the cache for the given model .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  cache   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends field_type identifier | field_type identifier | coding .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  create   key
truth:  null   service

test:  write a zip file from directory and files exist in root[dlen .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  sets the contents of the xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  send   send

test:  check if a users user exists and if it exists .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload images or videos from the request of the given object .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert text to utf-8 .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  arg   helper
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns list of sequences in a sequence .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  calls   sequence
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing extra version metadata parsed parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of absolute and any canonical sorting components .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds the access token to the path outside of the last node in a access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test interpolated iterable as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  doing   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect the env encoded in the env .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files from a path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an example name from the running python resource in the range represented by the represented as the object .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  predicate to handle lists of function .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  tests   print
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the specified query_file and return the dataset .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  host   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the name of the the the module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  get the given numba type from the ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  the main function of distro .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the test for an album .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  setup   notification
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate version from version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  open the input data using a yaml graph .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  password   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the currently active transparent .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most popular add-ons should most similar to most flocker-installed .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a graph whose values is a list of model .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  finds explicit elements of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  finds   sqrt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a list of doc information for a doc list .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a collection from the given defined directory .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  examples: the ip address from a string representation .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return an unique attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   code
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a chance from the prefix with the given index this function makes sure it will be included in the python with the specified metadata from any metadata .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  source   source

test:  handleurl the rows of x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  connected   triangulation
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the path to the latest version .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the information about a valid client .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  calculate all derivatives of the gradient gradient for the model .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  calculate   wrapper
truth:  null   gradient

test:  apply tool errors in a unique xml directory .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  apply   repeat
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract the partitions from a docker distribution .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decode a base64 encoded string from base64 reference .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a list of type from the given color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  adds url attributes to abstraction url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   source
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pull messages from a certain transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pull   attempts
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if the file is being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is a degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  this test function takes a bug that the cache its stdin .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  do   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of requirements from path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the contents of path and file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  filename   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the entire image .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  plot   return
truth:  make   a

test:  decorator for in-process that is updated .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  a basic key .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  runs auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status method from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  disjoint a cluster definition .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the pixel font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  return   a

test:  a simple function to get the values of a theano iterable .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  null   line
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  if the language is used .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  add dry errors to a private node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  add   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a dictionary of tasks grouped by sub groups .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the list of tab ids for the given table .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  structured   null

test:  list first in which parameter is a custom translations - can be used to send to .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  establish all python environment vars with environment variables .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  unicode   uploads
truth:  executes   null

test:  get the non-200 token for a particular service .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl at cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   dictionaries
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  new code should always use != import discouraged .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a program types which contains program types .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % clips using $ .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: white check files or jenkins jenkins with white to jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks elements of indexes into a uint8 array of raw indexes .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  find all object items in a typical object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a word with the given lexical form and sense .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  ensures that module name given in the module name .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  load   extension

test:  helper method to apply a dict by its dicts will be rst .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  ensures   list
truth:  if   null

test:  create an tenant for user and tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  reads   python
truth:  communicate   null

test:  give give ids representing json values passed in list of values .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  give   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the various tree objects from a tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  aux version of multinomial_logpmf .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  download   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  generate a hex digest for a hex code .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  filter the server configuration expects .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an logger to store the given step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   step
truth:  print   snippets

test:  search for a registration in the git table .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  search   return
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sorts a list of tuples in the sorted list see which represent each string in order of the given list starts with each entry .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   key
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the circular array of an array in-place on a given axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the inverse of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of author details if the given ip address is the same signature .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  list   a
truth:  look   up

test:  hash a unicode string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   keys
truth:  cache   cache

test:  a network device to make the network from the big .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the main configuration .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   use
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  return an dtype to the c function .
truth: like rand . 
test:  is   init
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  construct an ns-package list from a python list .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   workaround
truth:  expected   null

test:  for a real matrix .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log a message to the log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return hook of lists of length tokens from the given stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a new assertion .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   calls
truth:  mark   a

test:  copy a widget specified by the given name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  set   return
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations translations into a dict representing the named translations for the fallback .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a valid context for the given context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb x[u'doc'][u'indexer'] .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first element to attach the process to the specified process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to export export from a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  to   a
truth:  map   map

test:  normalize salts and .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  normalize   string
truth:  null   a

test:  convert external internal container container container details .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build an error message to an error for a given results .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   return
truth:  add   route

test:  adds the given set of used to *value* .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  return the dct of a dict .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  wait until an instance has been deleted .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  check that value is an integer and int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  log context with a relative url .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  context   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form field to be rendered layout if set to horizontal then the form that is not being rendered side-by-side .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  return a list of the current table metadata .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  update the tetragrid multiplied by the tetragrid .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  update   get
truth:  add   path

test:  convert days from the unix epoch object to the unix epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the internal property of a particular call .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  set   call
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   remove
truth:  search   search

test:  load a cycles file from master and return it .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  return the mock user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  return the percentage of correct documents correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if given permission is open in the given format .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return current json representation of the given mimetype .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  unicode   json
truth:  null   json

test:  return a quoted string for use in a cookie .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  execute   a

test:  validate a file in the given pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  extract the expression name of an xpath tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a networkx distribution representation of the latest tree parameters obj : the name of the tree object .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  create   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get a config value .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return a function by name .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   function
truth:  call   a

test:  return the provided user command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  create a new vm .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  create   information
truth:  null   notification

test:  return a list of timestamp information from the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return static code from src to the src .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  change   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html metacharacters for html .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  return the sum where every segment between a segment point scaled .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a new version of configuration .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  return   mark
truth:  null   badges

test:  load qwebview in the above asset app delete .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  yield   flask
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test that a particular url belongs to dependence .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories categories and build them .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  renders the list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  renders   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  use lib2to3 to read the given file on debug file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  use   null
truth:  count   count

test:  wraps avatar from a given service .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  locate   iterable
truth:  return   return

test:  resets docker docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  use   metrics
truth:  populate   docker

test:  the main function .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata separated header .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  return   detail
truth:  writes   null

test:  scalar scalar .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 with overhangs .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the 1d quadrature nodes using variance algorithm .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  does   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the inverse of an error is a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a message to the context message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  change   message

test:  get the hostname that negative nodes of 0 .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get specific hash of a hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  is   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function for old build process .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a value from the given form value .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return an currently active kernel .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   no
truth:  create   a

test:  const : const_value : const_value | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  extract all missing rules from a given path .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  yields   null

test:  weve on n encoding of n .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether or not folders are available .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load only if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  pivoted   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate the certificate to .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes the renumerate positions of the given iterator arguments: skew -- the sorted smallest element in the array .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  create a new ap instance from filename if exists .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  get   get

test:  abandoned baby .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   hold
truth:  null   cloud

test:  helper to get the value from a cell dict .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random sample file .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an ipv4 address string to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the last location from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  adds   control
truth:  to   add

test:  sets a name to the attributes that should be sent as the user .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  f of logs .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check the status of a unknownstatuscode' is valid .
truth: get status code . 
test:  check   github
truth:  get   status

test:  a hook to delete the stripe when using the stripe attribute .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  null   seed
truth:  null   null

test:  read artemis123 data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  poll the console signals .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  poll   usage
truth:  null   method

test:  test django functions that require catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  base   test
truth:  load   load

test:  gives a diff of the provided filename in keyring to syntax .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  replaces   text
truth:  text   text

test:  time function that handles a datetime .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  function   date
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set the particular object set to a particular object when a particular object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  run a physical device with the given name .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  run   move
truth:  mount   mount

test:  exception exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get a list of handlers by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return whether we can successfully be create file or not .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add a plugins parser to all loaded plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   apply
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract the content header from the client and register/fakeviewfinder the cookies .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  request   request

test:  compare the list of empty tags by the lowest tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  compare   use
truth:  split   split

test:  parse search indexes in a list of options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  this is the following something that has the same attributes as a new transformation .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   download
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  extracts empty and print them containing a simple function .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  create   create

test:  add windows command or ipv6 addresses to the given path .
truth: on windows . 
test:  adds   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  gets security group value for a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates the created by the user back to the given user_id as complete .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  encodes an url to the given url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  put   a

test:  sets the contents of the password for the default keychain .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  sets   handler
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a message to the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test getting instructions in instructions .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  expected   null

test:  sends a single message to all messages .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  uses   send
truth:  send   message

test:  build the request policy and return all the policy policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   request
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  efficient for user .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified 303 using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fetch and decode an object .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  check   check

test:  extract parameters from a incoming parameter .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  output   parameters
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  have   sets
truth:  to   decorator

test:  cache the percentage of cache for this course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  cache   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes the server .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  return   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset with %rerun .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   index
truth:  reset   reset

test:  application which performs an application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute square-free features of knn .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  train   a

test:  simple decorator to send an event message bot .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns the admin user for a given admins .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find vms and return type by criteria .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   find
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal for the users changed in the sites user .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the buffer to a class .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  computes   null

test:  click a click to be visible .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  click   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the maximum of the line of the line .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a byteenumfield matrix based on the mean .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  return   return
truth:  applies   null

test:  convert callbacks and an image name to a python dictionary .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary of values to a single level of the nested values .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  utility function to convert the provided time string to a form .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: build-user-vars translate ansi in the console log .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  load a shell-like list from a list of tuples .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  logging   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run flocker-volume tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  loads an image at a fits file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return an txt records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit a fasta mapping file and return methods of powershell its contents .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   function
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test some advanced maths .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  this function does the empty "local" .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  function   format
truth:  null   cli

test:  start start and runs a server in a double-precision .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  converts a path to the file system path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   a

test:  module identification function .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  get   argument
truth:  function   function

test:  encodes a python string into hex .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  encodes   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  parsing the jinja function .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  template   a
truth:  create   create

test:  override a record and return a boolean value .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  server   server

test:  adds a token to the desired cms token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the queryset token based on updates and stores all successful messages .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  updates   fix
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return default user name and an object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  core core interfaces .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   args
truth:  document   document

test:  convert a iso8601 time string to a naive datetime .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a geos path from a dictionary .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   key
truth:  set   set

test:  coverage the coverage header .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  load   a

test:  connect ietf between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  connect   session
truth:  run   session

test:  initializes the contents of a module .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the y value .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  encode valid coords .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator iterates over a sequence of lists of length n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the status of the parent property .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   sonar
truth:  update   status

test:  raises pep8 if the given loop and returns a new data dict with the given data dict .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  if   students
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  verifies whether g is set in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  provides   networkx
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  returns none if running in the command .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  return   command
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all job functions from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  merge   data
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given object type is an instance of the item type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  locate the given httpheader instance .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  does   resolves
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a path to the canonical path based on the operating system path .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  converts   path
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a convenience function for local nodes .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast value to a boolean rdata object .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv tv tv tv .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make a matplotlib name .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  make   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot letter negative quarter code .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   time
truth:  plot   plot

test:  set up the namespace of the threads and cache them .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate correlation of correlation matrix standard deviation .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   perls
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that a cookie is valid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if the morning turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading volume labels from label .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  converts mask to binary representation .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view helper method to the post .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  null   data
truth:  token   token

test:  calculate the '/proc/net/if bezier nullhandler nullhandler nullhandler into hypothesis resolving .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  extracts   reverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  set/get the yaxis of the current figure .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  decodes   script
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  prints text by color #i and text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  counts   text
truth:  string   in

test:  convert pset used for the scalar .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the distributed virtual properties for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   upgrade
truth:  return   a

test:  finds an image from distances .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of a file .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture for an httpbin secure class .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  prompt the virtual host link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  change   link
truth:  log   a

test:  a version of methods .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the specified distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  determine   null

test:  get a common ip address from a server .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  get   get
truth:  changes   interface

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   success
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return n if n is equal to the cached error .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   long
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return list of multiple notify_url of f examples .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  list   f
truth:  return   a

test:  test that search and search are listed in a list of value .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   end
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a sending field of the value .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  null   try
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  export a # to a binary representation .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  default   default

test:  write a file to a binary file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   open
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe to a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a 'kmustbeapositiveinteger' graph of length n defined in g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench start .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  reduces   freshdesk
truth:  download   download

test:  get all data for linode requests .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  display a box with the given tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  start   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates for a given parent directory where the parent directory is located .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return the month format based on a given locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute all tasks that a task sent to a specified task and start them .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  look   tasks
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   tickets
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event on the event .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   compute
truth:  accept   a

test:  calls client .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate a read-only .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a new session .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns first first element of lines that start with first oauth .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  list   parse
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all hypervisor for a user .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute cross-talk paper + paper + bcaches + {unique_id} .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   operator

test:  format a number into a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  format   return
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  upsert_data() method into another module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  run   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure elements of a coordinate is true if both combinations of params .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  query the documents of a particular document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the logarithms function at the end of the input line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  matching   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a process to the queue .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  process   a

test:  uninstall should support upgrade install from pypi from the default package .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  function   return
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  write out later for later and port .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  write   mkdir
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the patched input lines are not in the following fields: and that we represent some leading up .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  null   input
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a pmf from a pmf .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a text if the uri is shallow .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  adds   text
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a sorted list of items in the given window registry .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   check
truth:  get   get

test:  given a valid email .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the expression of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt data with cbc cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   library
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get statistics about the storage statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   find
truth:  warning   warning

test:  given an :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  given   null
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  function multiple threads to send multiple times from multiple times .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  function   view
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the dataset of azs .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes the if slashes in a string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  does   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  helper method used to get the specified module .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  module   return
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the results from vmwareapisessions json output .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  calls   validates
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook for an array or the slice database .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert plain text to a function .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the given fake facilities .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   project
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an email data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a point is inside the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all influxdb databases schema on the postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  get   database
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   type
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting inside the right segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if u'utf- is in the actual error specified .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a unique name .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the given field starts with the given type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that the ports of an instance is set .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  ensure   ports
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a stock from the persisted_block .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name of the working directory .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  migrate the database version number to database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  perform   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  return mock http response object .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode character string in the series/index using the given string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  find a sibling of text for the given text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  find   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the default urls configuration configuration configuration configuration .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  sends the given queue to root queue with root key so it can be exported on the root queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  export   returns
truth:  null   queue

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests if the response includes the given stderr .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  computes the comparative args .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a tem record to log file creation .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  simulate   op
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  dummy implementation of the puth .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test a negative transformation .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find the maintenance url related to the current user .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write user-milestone string with tcp/ip .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  function   function
truth:  write   contents

test:  search the object if given text has a negative key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of tokens .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return version from the provided git command .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  build static html file using correct apps .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  search   render
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks the version number of supported api .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert html text into an html type .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  function   function

test:  initialize or create a memory memory for presence gradients .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode in a given header and write counts for a given header .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the start with good prediction is named .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check the users preferred user is an active home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  check   null
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite for use in tests which dont have these tests .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  return   running
truth:  visit   visit

test:  valid a list of module modules and return a list of module names as a list of module names .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  package   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a draft_node column .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the directory of the module that the directory is underlying to astropy .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  replace image with specific attributes .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   patch
truth:  perform   null

test:  accept a new request header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  produces   description
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests search handler .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  control control .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   get
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network from normal boot disk again .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  convert py3 as printable characters in c{int} .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return an absolute path to the directory of this theme .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal dy/dt .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a new user with name and staff members .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  return the approximate interpolation for two numpy arrays .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  get zip file and remove installed plugins from the given plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  download   a

test:  display a message to the system .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  display   a
truth:  create   a

test:  all of pytest .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a list of dicts which all dicts in collection .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  get data about all roles in a dict .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  get   reverse
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to be run either via the given function or optionally .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test extract_array and registering creation_sequence .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  averaging   test

test:  get a list of upgrade records from the supplied subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   widen
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get all result']['group']except group associated with a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   group

test:  test for cumulative test .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   use
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph of the graph passing number .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a dict or a dict to an object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  determine if the wcs attribute of the given distribution are assigned .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   null

test:  returns an ipython instance of ipython specified .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  get   get
truth:  read   read

test:  create a session by loading a server-side loop .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  lettuce can parse definitions as steps on scenario .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the name from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   change
truth:  is   null

test:  update a file from a given disconnected key .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  modify   null

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  set the kodi setting in the current thread .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  set   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a raw polynomial in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  set the mount security groups for a file system .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  replace certain results after v2 the module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  replace   get
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  the implementation that converts dates into simple butterworth .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  null   representation
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all instance profiles cli example:: salt myminion profiles .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   null
truth:  to   check

test:  download all the downloader entries for args and easyinstall .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  has   a
truth:  return   args

test:  return the query .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  compute an approximation to integrating .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  compute   backup
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create a dopile set exists on database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   up
truth:  drop   database

test:  reads hidden files and converts qual into dict of sff and read qual .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  iterator   parse
truth:  write   a

test:  compute the vector vector of a tensor of the principal operator .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to determine if a jboss_config character is inside a character or examples: from a dictionary .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  transform selection by user .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   scroll
truth:  select   null

test:  return true if the user can delete allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm to wait for a given vm or zipfile .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   return
truth:  wait   null

test:  test that detect which are loaded correctly .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  test   use
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming hamming function .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a draft from a preview preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns all keys based on the message .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  returns aws connection for the aws decorator .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs the score of courses sorted list of courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a set of defined defined graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  call a function in a volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  run the batchjob when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  run   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts user label from network to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   integer

test:  get the xml value for a depth .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid for the sha-1 uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the given rights string in collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  halt the current thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  check if we have to edit window of edit program[mobile_image_url] .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  time   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of length gamma and b .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for a certain ssh line deduce and exactly support .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of the desired accuracy of a option .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  default   default

test:  return list of package database connection names .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the url to the api client .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update the path from the file or path .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  display   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the installed startup .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create example and push example .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   lifecycle
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  returns the matrix key for row the right key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert a floating point dtype to an integer .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all argument code for a specified argument code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns a simple choice view of a service to vm to the esxi state object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  get   return
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   find
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to rational error .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   shows
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  job comments .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that theano and the four possible to run of creating a numpy rng .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy binary labels from different memory serialized as an array of arrays .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download an archive body to a binary data .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show users with snapshots of desktop .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  null   user
truth:  order   order

test:  returns the xml path for the given path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an iterable of all items in the given iterable object .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an input for a list of available language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compile all python files in folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  return   function
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  normalize a tzinfo name and a datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the system path for system path for principal .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  gets the string of the given user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  lookup an exception string to a python list .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start celery and options .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a new session object for the given type .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  to   add

test:  return the nice configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  set   server
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private key in a private key containing a private file .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  this function implements the hist and returns the read information .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  :rtype: bool and .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  function   return
truth:  to   path

test:  populate a dictionary with keys of a given row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   dict
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  adds a single categories to a swift tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  create permission for all permission and permission pairs .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  create   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  called any data for http service and response headers .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  a return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a sorted list of files and strip all available files .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the gradient gradient of the coordinate graph .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   style

test:  parse search function .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all event handlers .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  clears   null

test:  write a comment by lines that the various bit by lines or inputhook and see that it round-trips to a warning for imagehdu .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  null   test
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a url from a human readable strings .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  add multiple fields of the series parameter names .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  extracts   counts
truth:  figure   figure

test:  a valid filename to the corresponding unicode value .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  let   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  remove field for ccx attributes on ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts it to a string to become being rendered using a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  strategic all expression into the rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the repr() rendering of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return an selinux domains for the flash url returns a included in the alterations .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the version of objective between vectors .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  is   diff

test:  return the .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  sets the trace hook to stdout .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  sets   program
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns the db from service or sequence .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  clean up everything .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  decorator to mark a training client api .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  testing   filename
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given an url and a scheme .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert type or object type to an llpython .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the mean is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the mean from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test 'a*b' .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  if   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test wheter an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string representation of currency .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   return
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a key only if the watch statement calls it .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  check if boto library has installed and correct version of ebs version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for epochs on a incident form implements the incident fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that distances are consistent with those expressions .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a descending version of the ldap resource .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   text
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  input   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  get leaf .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around the specified comma .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  module   chunks
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an attribute .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from src to source code .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  return a version of series .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  indent indent and docstring from docstrings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   lines
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the hadoop root directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an open server address from a given server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  seconds   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  relative url to relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the directory is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  queries of a query for an ordered query .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  null   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse asdl file and return a module as list of biopython objects .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data from the pillar data .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the information about the modal of the dataset .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  sample an image from multiple unsigned text/bytes where all coefficients exist .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  clean   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   wrapper
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying anything .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   print
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  using   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add positional arguments with marker .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  open a file .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  open   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code plus the given lines .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  implement   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a custom combining operations to lag-polynomial with a expression .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return path to the job directory of a job within .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  return   return
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory at which the directory creates the directory for transport .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of all coverage directories .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given html into a new color .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   remove
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a cg is being created from a creation source .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the full path to the compatability eval() or the windows path to the windows container parent directory path for a cache the container .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   a

test:  downloads a client .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert the data .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  given   codec
truth:  convert   snake

test:  return true if the function methods are equivalent to determine whether it has the predicate from the rules of the classes of the theano function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript failure with line and very prefix of the javascript files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator for marking the decorated function for this python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a default name of the current request .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a feature python module dictionary of parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  password   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate variable for cifar model 3) the projection model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  null   maintenance
truth:  null   eval

test:  creates detail that arent events from keen .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the limit of the facet instance .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip exists .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v2 number from a lambda function .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  search a formatted search search for the given response .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  search   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel change section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new record .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  generates the total mb of a set of points .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert naive tzinfo .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  returns the absolute path for a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  test that a ptk method with a ptk cli example: .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  test   in
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the given absolute path as an absolute path with ~user applied .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears out the variant cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  for each line of the string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  iterates   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  try -> node this function takes an exception .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   orv
truth:  null   orv

test:  make a collection contains the given error complement .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  make   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return a dict from keys in the dictionaries .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  return a searching for seeding .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  creates a more easily command command command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  get the file listing .
truth: many builds . 
test:  get   resize
truth:  builds   null

test:  get equated connection from a $-string server .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  get   filtering
truth:  creates   null

test:  add a warnings filters to a complex of the given name .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check if a state is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for marking the indentation .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the minimum -flow of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create an themes file .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   create
truth:  name   name

test:  return a set of brands jaccard values .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   func
truth:  return   top

test:  get lists at the lines in the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   security
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary to pass in a list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   guess
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log info usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  email verification check .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  null   user
truth:  add   a

test:  parse a release header and build a conversion in the form we got out of a shell header .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  start the built-in .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  function for setting up the logged-in users to cache :type http basic registration of the logged-in user .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to write fasta .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  returns an event .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of the names of all available plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   queue
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the credentials will fail the bucket where the bucket is initialized .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  import json data structure .
truth: compress json . 
test:  content   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add context manager to all relationships anything .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  salesource delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in directory in directory of the file in directory in directory in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change the network device running on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a serialization serialization that represents a subset of lines with the given subset of nodes of the supplied dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  get the nestedvectortestexample .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length type of the given object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a copula+van callback - returns a rectangle .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  to   function

test:  create ftypes characters with the specified name .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  create   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a ['desc'] list from list .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create an answer log for a rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  on lowest value .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   pair
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set up common version of ccx for ccx being rendered by requesting a particular page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   function
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that setups are shown and tests are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verify   show
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process and log files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  get the request or from the given url .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all filter definitions for the specified compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks sample mapping file with duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   translation
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  make url for url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  url   in
truth:  if   null

test:  automatically set a local url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  locate   iterable
truth:  clone   clone

test:  if the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes from the input nodes to output nodes to output nodes to output nodes to be passed .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  setup the balancers ip .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a given subnet group exists within the set of elasticache subnet this function requires a given subnet or name of the subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  try to determine whether the request was a valid url and return a tuple of the json files to see if the request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  try   try

test:  read the table and test having the data line before the col .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute a solution of two arrays onto one of the two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handles the results from a overhanging of the given pattern .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  compute the git task into port task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   property

test:  downloads the setuptools exists in a valid setuptools factory .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   return
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  search for a text in a python code .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  search   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the variable to provide a new value of the new variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  concatenate two dictionaries of stcs .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  fetches   text
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies we can complete to play on stderr .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensures   keys
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the windows virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice range .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a backing properties .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  update the config directory .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  update   null
truth:  is   null

test:  negative negative conditional_expression / samples parameters a : array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require english project0 .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  project   project

test:  makes the numpy transform from frofrom .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  makes   converts
truth:  ensure   null

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  default   default
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  inspect the repository repository_metadata tuple and its dependencies for the tool shed side that are not supplied as dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a 3 element tuple with the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the name of the version string .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that exception model is raised if a non-existing model .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  if   project
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if a file has write access to a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  if   download
truth:  if   null

test:  show request for monomial related templates .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  use   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clique clique neighbors .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data filter filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return the arguments for the f(x) .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates oauth and redirects to dict .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  base   file
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  create a invoked connection with the given username .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  create   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check the given color using the given color parameters color : overload .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of exploration tags for an exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  given   a

test:  takes an annotatedchallenge and verifies the staff .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return the optimal .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  load   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create a back reference from a service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  test that an instance of model variables .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   ssl
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluate a slice value for a argument .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with minion .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator for skipping test if test is enabled .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  skip   a

test:  retrieve grouped tags from the input tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter from tetragrid .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a traited instance using pool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert an svg flag to a friendly text .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  save   null
truth:  return   description

test:  set a mapped sequence of original functions .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  walk a directory listing all directories on the master .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  null   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  exit minion .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   salt

test:  determines if a directory is a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  trailing source comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup frappe for bench start .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test paths for various conditions .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  null   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  return a 64-bit function .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   create
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all configured page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  stack data points onto a 2-d array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  request for all keys in new task name .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified wrapping wrapping function as they all arguments .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  reachable if all content add-ons are available .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the user for a user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  align : db if storage_class_specifier .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  to   null

test:  delete tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  add   add

test:  sets a the *l1* from a widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all compute agent for an agent .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   agent
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the matrix has a readable by default .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  main entry point .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx sphinx for linking to the plugin .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  a simple wrapper to make changes from a field specification .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   quota
truth:  null   null

test:  perform database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   database

test:  syncs syncs fields into a structured file .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual properties spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an existing view that the response returned by the edx backend objects .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   map
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if node is a function .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  support the various deferredattribute report related to the course ago .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  used   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  set out the given path to a certificate path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method for padding lists of distances by distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeiniso gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  epsj function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  function   scaling
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with bad characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  stop a 2d numpy array with the same sample .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  wrap a function to run a synchronous command with a transaction .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  download   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  split tree at tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  split   return
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return a list of sql statements used to set the database used in sqlite .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   sql
truth:  set   defaults

test:  lock a file in a with a file system .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random data count for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  lettuce helper is fix when creating the average is an instance .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  creates a system status for the file to be run system as defined in system .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  function   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  extract action from a single test .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold value based on ndarray .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   return
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show all the mock for aws command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  show   show
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator for setting method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  escape the attributes needed to get the file pointed to use .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  return   info

test:  wrap batches breqn .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  wrap   type
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test cloudwatch cookies and session cookies .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  the sum of serializing .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  p   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  the entry point for a sparse error .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  split a string using its string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  split   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the binary datetime from several ca certs .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to start/power host in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  grabs   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing child or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  remove   page
truth:  delete   delete

test:  transform node .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  normalize a bad environment and ensure it is a string .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the widely and variance .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   epochs
truth:  fit   fit

test:  set up a streamhandler for the pwnlib root logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct a 'aandbshouldbesquare-free' using the trying to a group of the qlinef .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  solve   place
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup python app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  point   point

test:  get information for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator for marking tests when not all the drivers is added or the distribution .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  port   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a [speech channel .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the cache server at the application .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   one
truth:  run   run

test:  parameter for a parameter whose signature can be stripped .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  calculate   uses
truth:  default   default

test:  determine whether a disk overlay based on the default disk .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a multilingual path to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple task to install extras equally .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  suspend suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a helper for the geometrical in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   strategy

test:  test that we are running to skip correctly .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return true if the given sequence is allocated .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   multiple

test:  resets default user for new username .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  default   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a-f part of the css bits8bitpalettemode .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  escape a value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   sort
truth:  escapes   null

test:  given a central transformation parameters x : ndarray or list of length k : int or bool is not currently and x .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  convert a collection of milestones-friendly into a collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  adds   dot
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the secret cipher service cipher key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   data
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  returns selected selection items of the selected item items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot the gradient score plots .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  project   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the image is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a sql dict with a distributed state to the highest python dict the complex function will be added .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a custom tiles for testing purposes .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  define   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  writes file to filename .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a new formset form for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decode a string from a python file path .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  a simple login with a simple item .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  null   view
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the manager for the get .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance group by id .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  destroys   delete
truth:  marks   null

test:  replace "*" with independent survey survey .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert from bit list to bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  a function for include_pat .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  function   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  primary : lparen primary rparen .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  stop stop all vectors in letters .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with the tensors along the given axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert html-encoded html-encoded to single-letter frequencies .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   show
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  helper function for searching to use in a specific subset of items .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validate the settings as facebook .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  settings   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  print out the specified format .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  error   get
truth:  formats   formats

test:  does a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  does   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  update an user .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  update   add
truth:  edit   media

test:  returns the *l1* absolute value .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell task to fix from task by name .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  registers a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  null   type

test:  decorator to call disco database connection .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   a

test:  return an integer value .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default differential of all nodes of a given expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  expr   expr

test:  return an exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  module   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the script concerning an /dev/ with the data .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  point   system
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a profiler formatted according to the zypper .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  null   get
truth:  host   host

test:  given the xml path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate injectors end of epochs with epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return the rsa leading up to the otus of the given rsa .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the local change of pixels .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  function   function
truth:  reset   a

test:  finds all modules listed in a module .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  connceting to
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  prompts   fix
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parent nodes with limited fields for rendering parent in parent tree .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a corresponding one .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  takes   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register all registered codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the graph of the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig trigger a build for certain astropy .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict with keys of the given key .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update an existing object .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   update
truth:  save   a

test:  read a pcfg .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test the correct legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return the information to an raw device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   user
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  turns relative path into love .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  assigns   shortcut
truth:  null   negation

test:  given integers to friends .
truth: as above . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new vm by name the name of a url to be created .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  make   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  returns the files in ~/ .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  uses   uses

test:  raises an index if it exists or to find a variable with the keys of this document .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  returns   register
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of available zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get an ec2 alias for a ['key alias name .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   details
truth:  null   null

test:  a method to generate the actual page .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect all the modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  collect   set
truth:  to   null

test:  return distance between two pathnames .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  load a csr tracking request .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  certificate   csr
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a node with the correct service .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  stubs   print
truth:  patch   patch

test:  binary functionality for the cassandra in the sample .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  undo   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to return a valid writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   policy

test:  returns the list of alias associated with the given period and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  send an image later for a poem ownership .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks to see if the dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  encode the given html string in a utf-8 xml document .
truth: from url . 
test:  encode   convert
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   json
truth:  updates   packages

test:  build an absolute path to a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  read   path
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an api api identified by name .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   running
truth:  running   running

test:  returns precision as int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  returns   metric
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  calls   query
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  return a fresh template object for a template name and yields .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use this function matching new record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  use   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  this function will try to determine the user interface have a valid model class or the current python model .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  assert that all fields except for nested lists are found in the filesystem and ]]] things .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  fail   infer
truth:  give   null

test:  resets intermediate .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  this decorator should only be used with staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  called .
truth: remove message . 
test:  called   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of tuples from the configurations .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling 2d .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get custom info of a form .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   perms
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  remove an environment variable .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if cloud script can be strings need to be strings or not .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index of the provided array and the __version__ attribute to be at the given size .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to filter files from all ignored names .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  load style plugin using libraries from the saved .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  cached   style
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of length k .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url to use the current object given using the user .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return polynomial of f and options of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  map   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test that the installation is automatically installed and will be run on python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pootle
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   part

test:  decorate a workflow instance of id .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  has an existing user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   default
truth:  add   user

test:  look up an email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  look   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a patch version .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to be used in the database .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  return   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random string from a module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts readorappendmodesdon'tworkwithatomic to a temporary directory and removes a deleted directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  map   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to help with retries in a vlans .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  ensure   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of seconds .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an one unit po from files .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   call
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits with a record .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  record   record

test:  returns a formatted resource structure for the specified entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  backwards a float64overwrite if x is a expected sorting .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds and returns the guest disk spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   spec
truth:  builds   null

test:  display a string in a display id .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  display   function
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert the time in the duration of timedelta to integer form .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  the non-whitespace function calls to the system b poudriere .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  null   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns sha1 sha1 sha1 secret .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the estimated mean squared error .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  computes   normalizes
truth:  return   return

test:  factor square-free degree in gf(p)[x] for f f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  returns uid from a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the client for use in the request for the requested email side .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  fetches   sets
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the gcd in a curve .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used by cms widgets to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  resolve views to a pair .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parses a parsed variant of filename from search output .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  write layers from a file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  source   create
truth:  draws   a

test:  parse a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert python strings to strings .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   access
truth:  converts   a

test:  test the decorator to designate request object .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  request   run
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return useful .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  since sleep after given activity delay .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   seconds
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  computes the inverse discrete cosine transform of an arbitrary type and 3 .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  return   discrete

test:  tracked wrapper around *group function .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   http
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email utility function used globally by recipient when the account is added with recipient .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   email
truth:  given   a

test:  return the registry registry running on registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get a list of serialization .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   a
truth:  like   like

test:  walk up a doc document and verbose it .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path to a package database .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when invalid version is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this function prints {}d to interpolate it .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filters song song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sha1 hashing md5 hash of the specified hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : lt lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   rule

test:  return source file .
truth: clean component . 
test:  source   calculate
truth:  clean   component

test:  return a version of the headers that need to be generated by header information in the client .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the current url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a new git path to a file of its contents .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system system command and nvidia-process of marketing systems .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  the function for always works on a function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  func   func

test:  ensure that review has changed as suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  initialize   fixture
truth:  tests   tests

test:  cast a string to a boolean span .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation documentation
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a document containing the input document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the directory to be used under glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  walk   null

test:  test wcs when alt_name works .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  time   arguments
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment of the mean along the given moment .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates a list of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  updates   copies
truth:  update   update

test:  returns a dict of metadata attributes as a common data type .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  returns   steps
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the extracted in a string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  null   time
truth:  is   input

test:  registers an email .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  delete   attachment_specs
truth:  construct   null

test:  recursively set data directories and can be used to find out if necessary .
truth: by default . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  remove the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  returns a mac address associated with a reverses byte string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  make a module to compile the right source .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  make   content
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  test that attribute cannot be instantiated out x .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   encoding
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  add a new module_cache converter .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  add   add
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to make it usable in the managed system .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device type is present in the cluster to be run should only can only be run on a node with a functional name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all instances .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server from normal boot disk again .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate-transpose of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected logarithmic correction with expected .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  action errors raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  make sure the rdp app is disabled and status is allowed to the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored when the c reader of the later line parameter is ignored .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this is the function for testing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   in
truth:  do   nothing

test:  encode a string as base64 encoded format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one big go .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  true if this object is a theme/' if .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the line and line numbers from a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  logs a buffer to the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  return true if the user is enabled on .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn the section as input and turn it into a simplefilter e .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  show keyspace in cassandra cluster for a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  show   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the given value as being shared by the given key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  default test for the default magic script should cause an empty root .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to get a sequence of partitions and converts the number of partitions into a list of lists .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path to the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return tuple with all length of the reactor .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  tuple   normalize
truth:  print   a

test:  return an array of type numpy arrays .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  color   color

test:  handle the tree links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join to a valid iterables .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  set system name on mongos/uri .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   information

test:  remove all handlers from the dulwich handler .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  closes   null

test:  computes a single page of config .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   user
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit tests .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure that the running on parameters: compile an error with a compile error .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  move all file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the population class of x along the given number x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute posbn structuring .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  hashing   compare
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a mock version of git commands .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time series of the current thread .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  expands a call to make sure that its component is applied when we can complete them .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  solves   null

test:  determine whether an attribute has a valid rsa string; .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  seconds   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for a method .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns an ssl tests to the desired server on new tests .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate an input message for tied support .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  get the value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this function compare path of show privileges .
truth: main loop . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make a function after api command after api .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   send
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  read a template tag .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return 3 plane sum of vectors .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  create or update methods .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  create   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  return a list of declaration matching the nictag can be attached to a specified salt .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the leading coefficient of f from f .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  dump all temporary files in the cassandra .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  stats   os
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative path to a list .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate command cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  run   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  the last .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   script
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform any string arguments on [urllib .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  update   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  check if an object is deleted .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if a user has an email with fields .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  if   check
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the test on a django test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  import module info from remote project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  s is intended to be a complex replacement for the given matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get true if youre test filter .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  get   issue
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  this tag is for the required blob .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  update the container volumes volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  decorates   list
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read the kit to a scop .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task into the task .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  blocks   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  calculates a difference for a cg enum .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start celery in a thread .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  find a file with index of filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   a

test:  verify that a sequence of verify the given number is seconds .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of features from a given list of features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the provided value is a list-like object .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  takes a string and batches it in python params<dict>: .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the users locale object from the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a list of visible templates .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  lists   information
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the given image length .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  given   a

test:  a context manager for current working directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find a implemented block of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return all target description .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch the generic thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the version of salt on the os .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for marking the decorated function for this python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that versions versions with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager that can be used as a floating point number .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  store an object to the original ruby/gemset returns a list of the original distribution .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  this function is called to generate a valid password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   password
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to s3 config :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  if   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to handle mass form for mass messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  remove a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of database definitions and their database definitions .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  show whether archive is being db-api or not .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  show   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return true if name is a valid datastore name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a warn() json for yield yield api .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return true if the git property has been written .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for profiles that have not been used to query .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed databases cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  queries   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple helper method used to get a list of names .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   return
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a binary string as base64 with no trailing newline .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run rac commands .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  to   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the yum database and return a compiled database .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  factory function which returns a boolean value of protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert conditionally email to a native structure .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  used   stack
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field sums and lead products using legendre products .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  admin page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  command   command

test:  the restful handler .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  does   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  return an expression of polynomial drawn from f .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  given an object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  given   accept
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prints the shape of the same paths x .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a sequence of bytes from the given curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  search   search

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   return
truth:  trims   null

test:  find declaratively of data of numpy .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  download   version
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip from the values dictionary or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the deviance likelihood loss .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts any hexadecimal chars into a python object .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a list of setting for the table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   null

test:  adds a request parameters to the request command line .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the database to match arguments .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   print
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to ldap database and no prefix .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  ensure   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any existing dag deleting for the perf test dags .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clears   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path to the __doc__ object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure utf8 bytes are always of string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert the nested graph as a list of .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  represent   convert
truth:  walk   tree

test:  create a regexp file to upload .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the username global process .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing as a push package with a given package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   check
truth:  installing   test

test:  fetch the states indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test application for basic functionality .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string describing the sort key .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  output the compiler of a particular node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  send a inventory message to your system inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download a coordinate disk for a filename .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   function
truth:  download   api

test:  returns the canonical path path path for paths .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives a script using current model class .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful controller - used to just search_ac - not yet support any visible use .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  replace unicode characters from the string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  string   string

test:  pass additional block device uses an iraf object .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a function to wrap a deprecate .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  if a date is valid .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the forms authentication and returns a tuple from the response body .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  adds   accept
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a dictionary of issues from the issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  return   rules
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a human-readable context object .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   scan
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply together several derivatives in the  thread .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  return a list of example files that match the dir .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  return   call
truth:  yield   elements

test:  split a configured server configuration into the collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  split   config
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create an individual keypair .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function to be called before reloading the underlying function .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser -> str get a user .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   media
truth:  null   null

test:  configure dictionary with information .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  dictionary   create
truth:  logging   logging

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves whatever diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  save the it gets the minimum desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  set   update
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  open a random image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  open   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns the current backend for the current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default format .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the unicode representation of a python object .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to a binary file .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  null   running
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service services are stub in the system path .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the click-through spend for an undirected graph .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute nodes in a performance of the mx method .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  null   include
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a numpy array of indices contained within its indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the classification overlay interface .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  load   load

test:  return the string for the tar based on system .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a list of source and returns a art index .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert elements of integers to tuples .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether a list of disk ips are valid .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  determine   disk
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a local test directory .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line corresponding to the split line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  a user-callable job and failed its failed .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return configuration in the current thread/process parameter .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  takes   pyrax
truth:  change   a

test:  n-dimensional regression is a var(p) vector an array of mnist samples from each images .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return the twisted polynomial object .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  compute   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the pfctl completes map of a video output .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  search for plugins defined in the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  search   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  receives an email when an event is created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return a dask vector of a frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return whether a pathname removes all files in the files in the system .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  join   path

test:  test that the unix sid source date in content_from .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   method
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  returns shallow and max_score of the incoming files .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract data from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  print unicode service api: in the specified service .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeiniso gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  broadcast ip address to ip .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  restore   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  this function is the refreshed of the local database or partial environment .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of remote git settings .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  make   null

test:  validate network adapter with endcompare address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pair   return
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  runs multiproc tests and track for the given database .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  opens a buffer .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  content   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  test that the ask for ask system .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an xml string from the given xml element .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem | empty expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | morerules expr equals expr | expr gt .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  this is an re that can be used to ensure the ipython module is inside the default extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   index
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return number of security groups for a security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot script" deallocation .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write valid tunnel to language .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  write   null

test:  test a case with the job works with default constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all of the gitweb from the master .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  null   list
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to split the extension in the given type .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  return the result of the elements of c .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shear a numpy image with the numpy image of a numpy image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  parse a parsed parameter string and return a tuple of the parameters for the given component headers .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query with a page .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add api-version from wsdl table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   attachment_specs
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: build-publisher check files via build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple | qliteral .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  atom   atom

test:  simple function for sequences of sequences .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an fallback language object for the given language code .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolves resolves to an object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist the user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  return a list of certificates to be committed to a users crontab and writes it .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project with the specified project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   project
truth:  create   a

test:  make a test path from files with the name filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  get   connectivity
truth:  return   return

test:  patch a g to a text3d object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to parse a single contiguous key in use .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write an md5 hash with the given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  pull connection events .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  receive   messages

test:  ensure a same word is available .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the datatype set the given configuration .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   resize
truth:  set   set

test:  stub function for handling the receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a classmethod for a template by a classmethod .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  start boolean .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  null   return
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of array < 1 .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the class name for the given type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for functions that require a method .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  checks   in
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline based on user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   null
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function as returned by the given function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   list
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the logistic number of nodes in the vims exe .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the an api method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most basic happy-path call using coroutine .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the leaf directory note: this is a == true .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  null   version

test:  a unicode-safe template .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  print   decode
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new adderror chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of args of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sends a django django django django management model .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  return   failure
truth:  project   project

test:  set queues for all the current request .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  set   migrate
truth:  default   default

test:  add the metadata and download the error in the db contents .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary version string to a version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turn a list of all kinds into a tuple of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple member in a function decorator .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  setup   patch
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns the sizer for a fixed-size field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the nodes of a directed boundary .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the environment used for an environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   create
truth:  get   get

test:  get the fitnesses root to use .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  get   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just a production string in object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the current table for the given table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  to   try

test:  convert all tabs in a list .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   text
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  extract text from dhcp-host texts .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for the **boto ec2 connection with the old modules and other modules .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  filename the address of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a list of lists of all strings in string .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  check   function
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   stop
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a number to a string with a given number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  insert   insert

test:  landing view for handling a previewed user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  check if '/var/lib/tftpboot'elif is the same location as the since 'centos' ones .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  check   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt job info with clause filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  using   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the altaz get both just and passing both just the full systems for nodist and passing the correct systems with nodist .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from ip address .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  get the - get or none if it does not raise the current instance is a function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  downloads factors with the given variables .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a string to an hexadecimal character format .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  tries to fetch vm from an object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  function   null
truth:  use   use

test:  this function is the celery serializers and store the certificate serializers .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  function   function
truth:  see   null

test:  convert denominators to ground bc: f .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  convert   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  accepts a method and optional content .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  accepts   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the suggest language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  a function that takes a single dimension of function .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  make ccpr plots plots and axes parameters loss_or_grads : array data so that most times .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  resets   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  adds urls to a future .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  add   nzb

test:  disable a file .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  disable   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schema of the given schema are not set .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  watch   schema
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a list of item shapeds .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   interface_details
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a repository in the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve status code from certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  null   check
truth:  given   null

test:  the usual type .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the stack supports the login memory .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  assigned   detail
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories from the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test that model can be loaded as a model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates the product base base base base base of the list .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculates   stop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the node can be found .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a mock random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot pipeline function outputs a tpot pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the given activate file .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list that only the element to a list of tuples are element .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of low sizes of the specified size .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   64bit

test:  monkey-patch the user to select an prereg draft registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a value of text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   indentation
truth:  given   a

test:  parse a header value .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save the list of predictions to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new entity based on a watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of all containers for each of the provided vm .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a format path into a datastore path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  log log positions using de .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  model   sets
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert enbedded output to strings using passoutput .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a random integer with elements of the input probabilities .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  does   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will build out the amount of cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an ip string/int .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the website class that gets registered correctly .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns email address for the given footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  extracts   =
truth:  append   a

test:  returns a list of a namespace for a name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  null   function
truth:  lookup   a

test:  calculate the standard error of the data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  writes   decorator
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node passed is an annotation or the entire node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  queries   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  long line candle .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  verify if an object has a class or directory .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily change the configuration changed from the given value .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint encoded string .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  gets the document that a document as a json string .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  gets   view
truth:  check   check

test:  runs source file into a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  source   source
truth:  to   function

test:  return a copy of the new big object .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  return   script
truth:  takes   a

test:  a function which maps vm to subsection edges on a subsection autoencoder and subsection for any output nodes .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multiply a vector with given elements of the specified elements .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads the encryption blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  copy source space from a source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   errors
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a segment link .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a single process .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  function for new header .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   in
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper to retrieve the default information for an internal port .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create networkx xml into the pretty .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  get   xml
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluate a datetime-typed range using a .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  evaluate   b
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown the named vm cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the path to the given object .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  the main function .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  routes   null
truth:  display   display

test:  return a function by the smartos works .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  checks   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  save the given value to the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   updates
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album object .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment parameter that contains a comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   rules
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  path and unzip a file on containing containing a given path .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror reused into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if a file has a valid hash .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  creates the wexcept directory for the given stdin .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  creates   script
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  process the full status code for a system .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  process   return
truth:  name   name

test:  adds two certificate information to the amazon database .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  find   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all groups the given user and dashboard activity for all groups .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test #309: .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  test   example
truth:  try   try

test:  add current request to the client .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test some telnet .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  maps a sequence of sets values to a numpy member .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list of tuples to a local macro .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check whether a given snapshot is currently selected contributors for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  check   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a valid element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the linux geometry cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  create an object based on a given image profile .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  push   handler
truth:  null   api

test:  return a dict of whitespace to a given whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the programs command to run the appscale operating server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the house task .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  run   example

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  null   file
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the given user to remove host the user to remove the host to remove the host to the host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  done the connection to be handled .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  construct a 3 element used for use in tests .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create multiple logged on a request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is the known 'up' cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  open   open

test:  configures source strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  simulates   generate
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the region of a phonenumber object to display a given region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert a sparseseries .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  yield a string with text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a tuple .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   time
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads the correct api token from a yaml server we get the app .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the index of the given list of nodes in the specified axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing test values in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method for precise .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse "{sport_slug}/athletes/{athlete_slug}/" header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the average accuracy of two this class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   document
truth:  default   default

test:  a simple wrapper on return the data .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of length x map .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  takes   show
truth:  convert   nt

test:  returns a new vpn id or more memory id as a chain of the chain .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  get   get

test:  a: a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable uses get_value and set_value to swap the values stored in a and b .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur when collection is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the current .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  display cart from configurations or test .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  view   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a node for the auth .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  build   information
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the first request is falsemutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a value to a list of unary values .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a used to find a degree polynomial in either f or group .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  is   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert multiple fastq data from multiple fastq formats into a single directory with data structure .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  post-configuration all the values in the background object .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moments moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes back to supplied state when it is assigned to supplied .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if the wildcard urls are referenced inside the given wildcard .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new doctest .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   default
truth:  registers   null

test:  a single topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the z-wave ip tv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns the ]result[flowgram map with the given id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  return task space space separated by many values .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   np
truth:  return   num

test:  the important page interface .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the default url .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  fit predictions and generate a slave filter on both time .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  fit   generate
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator for marking test functions .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  shows escape .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleans   sets
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   running
truth:  are   models

test:  return a value of the named form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return the uptime of the given dict .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a configured application from a module and make sure that the import target does not affect the current bottle if necessary .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test to make sure f works properly .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  pre-process this function formats one call for new items to validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip invalid domain .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that discussions gives a valueerror when a bad error raised from the invalid baremetal of the socket fails .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  add default permissions of given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   user

test:  return the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets log id or fail .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  leaf any bad jobs are not authorization: integration the admin widgets object .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an existing group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  lettuce importer is checked .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  lettuce   mail
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calculate the relative score of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculate   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load the value of a device .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   return
truth:  loads   data

test:  logs a file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a random string of length random bytes .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  the main function for an infinite graph .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  null   html
truth:  return   return

test:  register a service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  flips the regularized function parameters f : array x .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  to   fix
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find a regex by xpath matching the xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   node
truth:  using   null

test:  clears out the hub from the cookie .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  fetch a list of objects as found in this dataset .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  returns the httplib object from something that can be added to the labels .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the dates of a given letter report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the script with the given interpreter .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  return   null
truth:  code   code

test:  decorator for a dc .
truth: like write . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to the given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns the log file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  open   open

test:  process all packets in settings .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  converted   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  check whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  used to mark a config .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  base   html
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the problem has an asshole version .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  provides the data from the block header .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  count   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup process to process file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given node is a valid tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the failed name of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the xdg_config_home from the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a physical mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  report   report

test:  generates the partial ngram list .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  url   call
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the resource is not loaded .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  ensure   method
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  checks to see if locale is enabled on a string with places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  converts   show
truth:  formats   a

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly containers exist .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  run the specified state on the system cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  run   null
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  combines   a

test:  creates an ipv4 netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  creates   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  shows environment variables based on a grains of environment .
truth: render config template . 
test:  default   render
truth:  config   config

test:  retrieve class class by name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return a list of suggest for a block of suggest .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  find   return
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string of template numbers .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  if   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test search for large values .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  search   a
truth:  test   test

test:  remove special folders which are created during the folders .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a class for a given option .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  return   create
truth:  build   build

test:  serve permission from the requests requests .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  get a block cipher object with the given name .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test the name of the current migration .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a table of tuples from **always** .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  a url .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  enable the global param in the python .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the header value from the header .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute file in newalphas .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  file   sequences
truth:  do   one

test:  determine whether a mime type is an type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  determine   converts
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new lookup method .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return instances and joins that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  return   backups

test:  the mysql function .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  function   null
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a list of versions for a given repository or raise the repository which can be considered .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  queries   format
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of all the currently active osf sql .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  create the device that could be added to the typemap .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all the available locations/datacenters in this vmware environment .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   a
truth:  rectified   null

test:  parses the python image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  function   decode
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the new account manager from the proxied environment .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy source_path into one directory and all its files .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a bool indicating that the given currency is currently used by the given currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform n_steps *data* using given image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   token
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a hash of the requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the given path to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that vfs and partition tile should be a list of longs .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  ensure   script
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach option associated network spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps words in function .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns a tuple like lo .
truth: print returns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ignore the test what available and list of tuples are present .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  errors   unicode
truth:  if   test

test:  return jsonutils data for every key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  recursive   shorthand
truth:  return   return

test:  return the url segments of a url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unshares contacts as followers of a device .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   view
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads public certificates from a certificate files .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct documents correctly classified .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of modules found in the given locale .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  null   return
truth:  does   null

test:  timeout a int to the appropriate multiple times .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  int   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for action requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  nmi mutual matrix .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  adjusted   index
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a dtrace file for a given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  write   version

test:  a function for computing the entropy needed for convop .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  a more files which match the given directory .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  files   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid eip invalid address lookup .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  show a query request for the specified alert .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  compute optimal expansion of f which is a nonnegative integer p .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the wishart of the wishart of the wishart the expected value of the specified identity matrix .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  weighted   percentage
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build builds build from the clang .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return dictionary of minions and type of interface .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  dictionary   show
truth:  gets   null

test:  nannumel allows for a given period of random variables .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the identifying of the saml distribution .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   sha256
truth:  compares   null

test:  [af -> str resolve host name from a service name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  fetch and return a list of datacenters of a given datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  fetch   names
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  helper to build a port and can be passed to one .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the output of the main task works .
truth: gui test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms id for the specified cloud location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update the floatingip of the current floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns lists of *conf_name* from 'dtstart' object .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  returns   homepage
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the action to use for the given instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  once a cache number .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module from the parser_name class .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the object for the stream using outputtemplate replaced by wrapping encoding .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  return   set
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the group part given a group type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all entry compiled modules associated with the faster .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  return true when path does not exist on the given path .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate all otu data from one otu for each otu application args: value: : list of otu data returns: list of otu sequence of otu data .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  make   n

test:  iterate over a list of python test objects which can be considered to compress from this module .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  fetch   call
truth:  generates   a

test:  ensure a user is paired .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single character .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates a member for testing the email .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return cache ingress and owner group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  authorize   network

test:  given the tooltip statistics .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  given   tooltip
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort tasks of the given sort key .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  sort   calls
truth:  null   lx

test:  make an aware datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the l1 irelevant .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  tests   http
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: sphinx trigger a 'io command .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  returns a pickled object from pickleable returning an object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   python
truth:  get   get

test:  move file from a temporary directory of config .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to required a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  conditional the byte string with asc/desc .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) function for comes whitespace from front bound to support .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  function   data
truth:  return   return

test:  return the existing existing cross dependencies .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a datetime of seconds since utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors when a revision currently redis .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array with the supplied values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   division
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  name list of multiple plugin packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  end   html
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container image rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  pids out the user and redirects message the user the comment .
truth: log out . 
test:  simulate   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  get media index on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  index   index

test:  return a globally elements of a list .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  array   array

test:  return true if the user is from the given role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  return   null
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   a

test:  runs interface on the interface definitions .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  runs   current
truth:  to   checks

test:  loads the city session and returns a dict of the json values .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print all action executed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   information

test:  get parsed *exactly* from json file and return a parsed format .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  null   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that columns in the right writer should read issues with issues and that it round-trips the table after it round-trips .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   control
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json return a json representation of specific data structure or json for debug information .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the rackspace driver name for the current region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  simple function for elements of elements stored in many elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the message tree .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  produce   disconnect
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a list of tuples for a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   return
truth:  package   package

test:  adds a value to a bad stack of numbers .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  resolves   verifies
truth:  gives   null

test:  return an existing password .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   fft
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sleep whether sleep button can sleep the "restart .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  install a package with commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  install   power
truth:  handle   osx

test:  configure the gui .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  fixture   configures
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a puppet command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns ipv6 address of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url in the request at which a new dns encoding is sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   null
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all available sdk instances .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  returns   logic
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that skips tests if the function is supported and returns a function of the function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  checks   functions
truth:  null   implementation

test:  wrapper for a sphinx extension .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  handle   handle

test:  context manager for django 1 .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   current
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the current server version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current fieldname buffer .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  find   alias
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a string like 5 months format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   versions
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  func execute a function func .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   thing

test:  decorator: --> dict .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  for all configuration .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check for space docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  start the widgets interface .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  start   stop
truth:  null   something

test:  return true if the user has permission to do .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  return   testing
truth:  if   null

test:  2-bytes dataframe by ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure correct with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   test
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current column within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new target from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the disk value for the given instance object .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if the disk of disk partitions are valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  test stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  issue   json
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  take a file and return a format message .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  filtering   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  read a table with ------ .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a jenkins byte array to an integer array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure that the given node is an caller test .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  ensure   list
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  matches   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  sql sql from a pandas pandas url .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a numpy mcolors to an integer .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url to embed .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of warnings installed on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  retry   generic
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  ensure   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test to make sure its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  validates   try
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a pep aws string to a dictionary of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the total button .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if hack raises an unknown :class: .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   merge
truth:  test   test

test:  this is only handles how to pass the fractions of the element to the updates .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a new .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   one
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for python-gnupg .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the radius from a complex element cli example: .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper function to generate a string of a python token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  show an pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a single salt for a specified file .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a list of all the test suite for all module tests .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  the commit version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new instance of an instance given a user .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  serialize a given value into its data type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   core
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons log parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  make token using http tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  token   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a iso8601 field from a nexml instance .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check salt:// section as an ec2 device .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  check   calls
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks of the row x_i with diagonal .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the thread of the given thread indexed by [exploration_id] .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve the first settings for a addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the base64 tag with base64 encoding .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  test more archive archive there are more than history from a file used .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  null   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  pick shows later in new mode .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  rename   rename

test:  create useful directories using '/tmp/% .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  create   one
truth:  bind   bind

test:  index index in varnish format .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   multiple
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if the given base base base class should be skipped .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream to a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints out channels in trial .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  show   resize
truth:  print   print

test:  this is an snapshot of data from the role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the vlan is dynamic .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  writes one of the main function .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   language
truth:  writes   null

test:  replace local directories .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  replace   decode
truth:  return   a

test:  open the name is a module that starts a python module with the module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  is   return
truth:  import   import

test:  create an rpm package .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative of the the set note: this function is positive .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  send a requests request based on a url and handled by blending .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  if   downloads
truth:  return   return

test:  adds more filter overrides .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  adds   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  redefine mixed-state .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  read   read

test:  check if a string can be converted to a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   method
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parse whether a string is a truth (x) .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ukey a value to be used to generic stats .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  change the state of the state to an object .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  change   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new "changes" chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates all the keys of a list of clusters .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  make   change
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test that unicode for jose properly handled on python 2 .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  'specifycorner the corner onto two images .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the qpixmap field of the given object .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a utility function for *k* options that are the output of files .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  called   security
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test parsing function .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  predicate   default
truth:  if   self

test:  set the function lock the specialized lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  null   sleep
truth:  time   time

test:  parses a repository .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  for each user interface .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  to   sending
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is called every time series .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  strips a phone extension from a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  strips   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  parent -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a graph from an adjacency matrix given as a bipartite matrix given as a bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a style style class .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates one random random random bytes .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   n
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the check of data implementation with just the email address .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts the environment variable from the scripts .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  extracts   lx
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  given   call
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the date/time .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of ssh metric definitions with an query .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of the namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  this function prints benchmark data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  function   arguments
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path to the latest version of the config file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the updates_series out of the iteration .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  return   step
truth:  step   step

test:  return the database connection .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  loads the node and tv of the image .
truth: like node . 
test:  yield   node
truth:  like   node

test:  show the topic filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  follow   handler
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a template .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable a module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  disable   pyenv
truth:  return   a

test:  translate argument to a argument line .
truth: like zip . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  compute   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  given a view view name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human natural representation .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information for a path .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  create random files from importer .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type validator .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the name of the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator that checks whether a numpy array has unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   change
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ftperrorsif all available models .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  array   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to return an appropriate string as unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  if   identification
truth:  object   object

test:  get a new metric module .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to ignore keywords from the build .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary with the compiled and returns a boolean .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  test data from dataset .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  files   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the name of the desired tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  return   number
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test whether surface is empty for our wrong v1 .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the options .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  helper function to generate an object .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   compile
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests if a module path exists .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  rewrite   testenvironment
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of fact that is a top images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import modules from private key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check status cli example: .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   null

test:  update nltks vote votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   return
truth:  keep   null

test:  only create xml tree dictionary based on data .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get header info from the response headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if contains a given status file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  for the path to the executable executable .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on macos with setquota .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: me an event for the event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the ascii value in bytes .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare a chisquare function and k such that it can be kept .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the linux sensor platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a symbolic .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   set
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return an open region .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   init
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a new function that can be used to address the fields .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the name of directory if a python directory a package or a package .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing security group name .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  returns true if the given service is running .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a collection editor if theres a authorized user be logged in a user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  down down a connection .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shuts   everything
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  environment name of environment variables .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  context   search
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  create a default for a microsite .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that timer .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  makes a dict from a dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  bytes_to_long is a signed binary tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  dummy services should not exist .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  check   check

test:  add unique index to schema .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   indexes
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that you forces a duplicate plugin of the plugin to make sure that the function does not raise the if the plugin has the issue .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy python error from a file .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when a jid is already executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  call every tree of data .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  call   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  increment increment cache .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   key
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse networks and network parameters into a list of vlan .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  updates the current editor with the given editor .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  called   null

test:  execute a minion with the data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  pass   generate
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns the status of a service .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   current

test:  pick a random line of the contexts characters .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of the global version object .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that returns the response as a json-encoded post .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the cached source file to match the specified source .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the points with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the usage_id: exit of the the left .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  select   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing for a backup-list on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a logger to the internal root directory .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  return the pyflakes in the case of a file that has a total_users assignment_only_unlimited_args .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  describe all elasticache connection clusters .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   check
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release the list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   null
truth:  frees   null

test:  generate a filepath from a datastore .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  removes rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  removes   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  takes keyword type and returns none if the user is p .
truth: check acls . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated float as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return j][ communicability for each node of nodes in g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt plaintext function .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  returns   intersection
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when udevadm is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  determine the value for the select that can be used in the environment .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  gets a property name .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this is called only time the pending socket .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  adds   call
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  extract the named param from a code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  maximum more logic functions .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether we can generate a domain to find an check for a given key in the system .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns in the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   append
truth:  patch   patch

test:  creates the django connections of the user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a tenant and multiple usage dirty .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the current env' environment .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a approximate copy of zero element .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   date
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset array  by the given function .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  helper function to build a dataset using 2012 instance .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the polygon from the first polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  given a web application name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  countwhile -> generator generator returns a file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  random random string .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  calculates the rgb to rg values .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  returns   assert
truth:  return   shape

test:  mobile order .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  monkeypatch   null
truth:  to   null

test:  look for an email when a job was posted .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  performs   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   python
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a soap enveloped instance from text and returns a dictionary .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  clean up the toolstdioregex extension .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  host   runs
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  a helper: for the user .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  return a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts sum to count the most sum .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get ]allowed from coords of shape semi-definite & setfacl .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   corners

test:  return true if the domain is a request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  if   handler
truth:  null   helper

test:  make all the metadata defined by the named metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  make   strings
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return the module name of a given python module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a node and its methods for a specified node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a user_input reads the given write files from the given file-like object .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  print   imports
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a explicit role .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  search   link
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   platform
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails copy files from one or all builds .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a time-based pair for the given type .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  do   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open file path .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   version
truth:  open   a

test:  checks if skipif of the python version is equal to the python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the l1 for snapshots of a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  check   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test fits lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the multivaluedicts switches .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   dummy

test:  load a python module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a string containing the time window for the current thread .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a decorator for adding an authentication to a user .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  make a wether and action for each dns quality .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  make   list
truth:  log   history

test:  converts an rgb color to hex color tuple .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  change   a

test:  creates a compiler compiler module by name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   import
truth:  generate   generate

test:  potentially that an expression errors fall as string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  need   need
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check a array with a list of ndarray .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  if   check
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  tries method to scroll window with the element specified .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  replace smoking/lung .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  fake   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   update
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over the trees from a nexml file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   f
truth:  breaks   up

test:  given a number of even digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  given   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of length length added to a list .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  confine a file name .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  config   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format html html string with html tables in django arguments .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  format   version
truth:  to   null

test:  string for use in a string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   something

test:  validates that a validator validator doesnt even with a dict of acceptable data .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  validates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  return a string in a given string with the given identifier and a given value .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   language
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list the protobuf and labels for the right wmi .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  list   details
truth:  show   image

test:  print the current user .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a simple file name as a string .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test 180 of else none .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  see   null

test:  insert the given node into the tree of the given text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  open the threading module .
truth: internal function . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get a normalized output object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a location to the container .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  copy faces of a volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  return   one
truth:  correct   correct

test:  simulate a notebook object with the associated notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  read   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the logger for a package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the comment model urlname for the given action and action .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a rendered template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  create   context
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  counting the current filter setting the console output to not .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  file   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test function that returns the correct kind of the victorops .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   port
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get observatory for the tenant if the tenant already exists .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  ensure currency in cache .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  ensure   cache
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  find hierarchy for warning! .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a repository in a repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the named container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  null   open
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions to all information for a cassandra environment .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   permissions

test:  test whether a folder is a folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string or list of range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an array like arr but with shape permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  encode volume name to a block device .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  block   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  push the dtypes of the current image .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  iterator   compile
truth:  identify   values

test:  all active widgets .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source matches in the python string .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   categories

test:  convert redundant numeric drop string to boolean proto .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   argument
truth:  setup   argument

test:  check if a string is suitable for use with a single argument .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  function   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  gets a node by mapping .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the total energy of the current time .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  return   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  get a debugging: error message .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: resource ids within the resource .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that applies a user to an user_id .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list with all cleanups directories .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  hex for a hex string the beginning of the python package n .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  =   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the user name from a user .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to email .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  word in a string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a directory from a given directory name .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  moves   file
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert string to dict .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph of the barabasialbert graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of provided documents .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts the generic constant_expression_opt calls for training a batch of training .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  show a dictionary of xml items .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads the rows in making the vectors fits .
truth: train model . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  model   model

test:  change a service instance to a service registration .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  read   a

test:  updates the data for the temperature(s) of the given data .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  access   deserialize
truth:  fire   fire

test:  generic function for multiple arguments .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  null   database
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  destroy   acl
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all flask users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  if arg is a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  arg   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  get or centrally lexer for the given lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  get   return
truth:  code   code

test:  check if there is an upgrade available for a certain package accepts full or partial fmri .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  if   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  test that original column of original column names into the original column names .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  doing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  allows the individual dependencies of the instance using static placeholder .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  allows   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements that can be used as a single table .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for creating and renders the task context .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision data structure .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  the html of the previewed page .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: client - flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   compute
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns the given value as an integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  quote a authorized user added to the given bokehjs dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  if   data
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file path to the index definition .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  return the cumulative linear unit function .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  run unit-tests for single test .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  unicode   doctest
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate and return a string containing the given name .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shuts   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  return the type of a qpointf object .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable usable .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  make the parsed text from parse() .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  make   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  show   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path where wed packages have a .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gather   details

test:  a variant of :func:gettext .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   name
truth:  patch   patch

test:  test if a is a return .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  note   in

test:  return a new data object .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  contributors when we run the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   fr
truth:  test   test

test:  test that the gunicorn_django file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using raw show version .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  args: filepath: the list of strings from the given command object .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload the multipart output of pointertype contents into megabytes .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  generate   -
truth:  -   -

test:  report report denotes using the target .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  report   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure the given linux package is inside parentheses .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  if the wrapper to get a function to be executed .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  request   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  adds a unique stable [a_1 to be unique .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the given exception to a valid exception .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that the given rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two points in ntests .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch an archive from url .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  handle   size
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   function
truth:  show   show

test:  get paginated and sort order id for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  get   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   builder

test:  fill the points from empty column parameters a rectangle : ndarray b : int number of vector3s but the modified doesnt consider .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  fill   equation
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as data so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculates the difference between two strings .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  extend   returns
truth:  produce   a

test:  split a list of values .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge the data from the console .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  called   in

test:  creates a astroid attribute instance from a class instance .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  get all activities from the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string and does the final and after the handler before and after whitespace and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace before the
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  takes   a

test:  make a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  finds the status of the process with the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  register   a

test:  gets the event transaction id to a given event id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  accept an eternet header type .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  accept   dict
truth:  choose   null

test:  this returns the overridden module and url for a given course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given windows .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  performs the maximum class of the given number of multipolar .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to values of d the dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an object .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  validates dependencies for reverse representing models .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert check files from scoverage client .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   bulk_data
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the files in a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list for mysql arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  refresh the given usage for a given project and refresh .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  initiate   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns the list of variables that correspond to incompatible .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  if   return
truth:  list   list

test:  api library environment for memcache .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  allows   recording
truth:  start   recording

test:  parse blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  parses   runs
truth:  update   update

test:  confirmation a user in messages .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an identity key .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  function   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for an n-dimensional double objects .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  returns a list of a string from a cell index .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image types of the image with a given format to apply to assets with specified format .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  clean   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  loads a list of empty directories and return a list of column versions .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  loads   name
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  updates   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create sending users as json .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  splits up statement into a scopedcontext .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  iterate   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that value is a valid verify we can be used .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a sparsevariable hash with a given value .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  sort' entire -- gets the experiment accept 48 and returns a list of dictionaries of the post .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  convert enbedded where parameterized units to an serialization where we can convert fragments to ads .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  null   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper function for adding its used to console .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  clean all directories to file from the pid directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  a functions that creates a temporary file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   process

test:  sends a parse request .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  sends   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a dictionary representing the default signal map for a signal and name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a few ip on ssh server .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  there is no more memory gcd of the given number .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  module   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode representation of acceptable service .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an metadef resource .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert ip result to the current buffer that has the necessary rules of "conf" bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  null   data
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the named colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of permutations in an array at count .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute path of the radon module .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get all matches for this machine .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an application from the 415 class specified by the 415 extension .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  get   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test parsing hash function .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  loading   individual
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  set up the dht sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the resolver name of the specified enabled .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper method that update an html url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure a dataset is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  plot a large legend distribution .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get method object from django .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  try to get the name for a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   path
truth:  import   a

test:  for ajax computation .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  get all of the web manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  get   function
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a valid instance or ipv6 dirs .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  has   null

test:  convert proper files from to templates .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  is   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  echoes messages back to the reply .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  server   in
truth:  detects   logos

test:  returns the first function to be run in a tensor .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate regression info from random features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  array   information
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or property doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the name of the object .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses a python int o .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to fetch valid ansible account object .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the average schedule .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get data for details .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file to one directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fetch remove the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a wald list of libdnet/scapy data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  find the output of a dict given the provided output from the given resource .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   home

test:  generates a list of sequences in a list .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the given buffer with the given frames .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  resets the cuda time of the current thread .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  clear   null

test:  converts a python array to a string .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  converts   resolves
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a readme dictionary for a repository defined by the tool shed features args: name : name of a tool_shed_repository object and owner .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return prostr entries .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the leaf key for the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns the canonical xml tag .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the flavor .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   iso
truth:  base   base

test:  return the relative score of the given data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a list of all filters or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id selector with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  sends a queue to the remote server and returns the result of the given server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  sends   prepare_setup_platform
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a random unicode string from a python sequence .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of an organization member .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure that all files available based on test .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  make   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  make a string from string or int .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  get a command line .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  build   decorator
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send a temp process to system characters in the server .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  null   warnings
truth:  show   system

test:  sphinx link for make_wrappable() in the appnode service .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   link

test:  a contextmanager that creates a temporary directory and set the given path to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a dictionary of graph .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest file in srcpath as resource .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   update

test:  loads optional optional key from a yaml product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  push   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign the module to the provided module and returns the normalized version .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates a test suite for all the flask tests in the entire tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  creates   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  convert a month date to a python datetime .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   data
truth:  function   function

test:  list the named package xml files available for the system refresh update .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the default value for the current request .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all of the hosts .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the global widget tree as being used .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap the correct event loop .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  wait   python
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reset the users token for a request .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  given a user and email address .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   user
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  volunteer rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function or group array .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to url in their main site so the url of the site .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  scaled loss .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  null   fraction
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to calculate the arguments from the arguments .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   element

test:  create a template that renders a template with the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reload basename that version from git strings .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  takes   range
truth:  manage   paths

test:  returns the entities key for the memcache key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the modules that are loaded from the modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all available plugins in the plugin .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the script script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  initialize mobsf with mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   file
truth:  create   create

test:  used to end batch map .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  splits   x

test:  get individual unit info from unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  turns a mtips\n version of arrays into a bond0 .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  turns   success
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the current statistics about an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new instance on a model .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  url   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  add the given entry for a schema entity .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  function to temporarily change a fake spider path to the directory of the test modules that contains the gui from the file .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  yield   set
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies the code name .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  modifies   null
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to start resource limits of the environment .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project project this function its account .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  loads and returns a pathname .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  remove the current date and returns the current time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the n-th coefficient of n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for displaying a function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  name function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  match   match

test:  return stats for the beginning of the source file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  source   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test cross-validation of data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  null   markup
truth:  test   test

test:  return list of fully qualified traceback and the current domain tree .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: xml-summary publish the block if there is an open project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  null   null

test:  shut bracket style loops from the given python source file path .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  performs   everything
truth:  generates   a

test:  decorator for cumulants .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  compute leading coefficient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a query .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  null   host
truth:  create   new

test:  a wrapper around sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  null   import
truth:  given   import

test:  deprecation the secret key but passes the trash .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  get all rendered rendered views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  constructs   a

test:  finds an generator that can be used to iterate over the function call .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a string in a given openssl graph from a given pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  unquote the user defined by id or model method .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  record that returns the first item of the category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a category setting setting from a category setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  loads the section style from an object .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  loads   arguments
truth:  handle   handle

test:  parse qt configuration .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  return   call
truth:  get   get

test:  format an data start starting at position start in position .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  format   string
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string like a null-terminated point number .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value to a string representation .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  convert   dictionary
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of logs not using log logs we need to ensure that any explicit code to translate import the _ function to ensure that it knows the
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wrap a usable filename for a file by replacing the last filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  return a customercare-format copy of k with the same sparsity algorithm .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the vm .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  do   null

test:  return a boolean if the object passed is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console size for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  initializes the argparse line argument to determine package .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  initializes   generate
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  endpoint   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of services that can be used to create an item from the salt service types .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from csrf strings .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  get the list of all zookeeper ips in the host .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last tar or occurrences of the given thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  called when an ip address is loaded .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the currently active encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the current equals module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   in

test:  takes a list of parent processes passed to this module .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  handles explict encoded code in groovy .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  code   code

test:  saves the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a url has a valid cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a context manager that caches a sequence of integers .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns the comments from a string .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  process a numeric event lock to send some polite .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  process   a
truth:  if   null

test:  html attributes .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  rnn rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  runs directive in directive .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is the list .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the given user is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is the function .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconstruct id id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a list of pids .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  register a new response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  register   one
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the data structure of the given host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ndarray to the dictionaries and integer .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  normalize   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  old args .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current user for the given user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   up
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  given the pylint tag .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is the current movie player .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true iff all the expected tree can be found .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a version of a sha and version information .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the javascript content from the client .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the first element .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the cuda driver is available .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  generate a verification value of an entity token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the specified space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  viewop the latest binary should have the latest framework to the latest framework too versions of the latest framework framework .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  resolve a module name into its name .
truth: import a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  a file object to be used as a valid python file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the encoding name from the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   page
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test function .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  validate that value is not an error .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validate   place
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up early .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  sets   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a equals version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string into a form .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  turn   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that alt_name works with "data" can be instantiated from the right state strings .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  test   redirects
truth:  issue   issue

test:  internal method for plotly .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator for views that require a pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of season of the users ip addresses .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and d2 and d2 .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of module names from the given modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the variance for the closest tuple .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   output
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize data from quantecon distribution .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   json
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  converts a sequence .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object according to current time range .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   object
truth:  format   a

test:  returns whether the user has common modules .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the cumulative distribution of the standard deviation .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  compute   fraction
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be from the file or a absolute path of the file to be opened with the absolute path .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to reset username from user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  change   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   back
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve a template document from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  calculate optimal .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers the vagrant and output units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   network
truth:  register   register

test:  update file using file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  source   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps dtype types to statas types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  validate valid identifier source .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  check   return
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  matches any absolute path through the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a feature function for an import of the file fgraph .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return preferred encoding name .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  invalidates the cache by removing the local cache folders from the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback batch to the status batch of the given exploration .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status the local peers is managing .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a binary image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates an doctestitem proxy for the given serial .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   generator
truth:  config   config

test:  helper method for untranslated invokes messages and return a list of messages that can successfully be used to send the user to a sort .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if user has a given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a numpy array of length labels the load of the original dataset .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all the info from the specified repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   checks
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules from the given directory and a python modules dictionary .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a human-readable type for the given python type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  translate   callback
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate that the event listener is the radians iteration .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to look up a database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill the x intersections as a loop list .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  decode 8bit utf-8 encoded string into unicode .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  a valid path to a valid path throws relay if configured .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a function to attach all attachments from a directory .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  get the custom settings for this flow .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update the specified timezone list of command line dataframe-centric .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  find the machine populates the given zone instance .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set the latest element in the snapshot that contains its used to match the latest apps .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  set   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  make sure that the values of an object is inner .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  gets   one
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns the sorted language name for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from vector3 path .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a channel .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the temperature m step for the tied .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to run portfetch or testenvironment return a list of modules cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  if   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  set the global ui object .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  set   read
truth:  determine   null

test:  set up mappings for starcluster .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  set   work
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function of real-order and derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   callback
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   control
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability details for the specified vm .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to get paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around site_query that filters a collection of __metaclass__ requests .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert the description of a tuple to the elements .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given message was logged in javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test if .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   commands
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the package to a module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running iterable of type objects .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  manage the cache of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   data
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a task that applies the given value of the given value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  use   check
truth:  module   module

test:  attempts to return a list of embed keys .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of options from a dict .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the database has set files .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the given url matches a test .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   return
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  concatenate items from a given iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   list
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  only load if the specified error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  get   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  get the list of events and names of the rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an iterator over elements of the elements in the sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for parsed user .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   clone
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to deserializes a machine by a console vm .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  save the migration specified by yaml: it .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  save   get
truth:  clear   null

test:  test that you can store a store_fs using store= .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  using   test
truth:  create   a

test:  return a single attribute from the given object type .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a 2d subset of a digital .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  null   spline

test:  make command line flags into flat list of flags .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   query
truth:  command   command

test:  builds a list of items from history that are not stored .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  builds   add
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that the in-app condition correctly .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the default rename of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return status code .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   show

test:  determines the system version of a alerts version .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  url   uses
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a decorator into a :app:pyramid :term:view .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert any absolute path into a file with absolute paths .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a string of html markup in a given number .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   null

test:  make a python integer from a string .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a list of objects and a string of the objects .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  c_kn} style string [thirdparty when adding to json file .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of available projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get a filter value .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  assuming   a

test:  wait_for_debugger -> str get a background group .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  null   cmd
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns the name of the current python for this region .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  start a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize the project .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  default   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator to support a synchronous test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urls are an eval scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  default build function .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  default   warnings
truth:  point   point

test:  change grouped for grouped by columns .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   type
truth:  slice   columns

test:  generate a return a return the allowed index of the values .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  chunks   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of all the data that the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unix temp directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for marking test case .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses e .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  command   changes
truth:  supply   null

test:  return the linear interpolation from a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure all files and delete filenames are present in <path> .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  call   call

test:  add current working directory to given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  setting   check
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unicode method for clearing an active redirect .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  null   in
truth:  generate   a

test:  run a stream of refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  list   network
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the announcements check with the given obj and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of index of the installed index .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   list
truth:  query   a

test:  parse a single http list into http http attr .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute the input data .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  map   in
truth:  computes   null

test:  updates the update for key and update its yaxis .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compresses the boto splunk with the given selector .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  is   updates
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating html indicating html indicating that the users payment are declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  list all the assert plugins .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  send volume if they raise knownfailuretest .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  throw   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  calculates an n-dimensional sum of the vectors .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  calculates   xml
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  tries to make sure the given string is already unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  to   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  takes a greenlet-based entity and returns a numpy array containing a bucket of global tasks .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  read   head

test:  returns the values of a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  split   input
truth:  to   null

test:  'sqrtn' scaling of the order of the order of order .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   discrete

test:  advance the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   return
truth:  consume   null

test:  convert a time in the format of seconds into megabytes .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  convert   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the status from request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  if   validate

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show a successful feature names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   one
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test the first shape of decoded and 1 .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about all information related to the given xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the status and the given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   status

test:  return normalized version of real and complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  dictionary   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  check if path is a link to the directory .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  least two arrays .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate an beveled beveled .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  unconditionally skip a predicate for certain test suite .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  merges   return
truth:  test   test

test:  cleans the given path .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  fixture   inputs
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  if   return
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a new instance of triangular titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  generate   value
truth:  get   a

test:  log source file object options and an imap4 parameters .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  save   task
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a float to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a list of predict .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  select the python python information installed in the python version .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack all the files from a subset of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  tests   key
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given disk as the given disk to the given vm .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a dict for converting proxy values to the provided proxy .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   plugin
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the list of search matches a dictionary of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   get
truth:  search   a

test:  filepaths filepaths can be called once the filepaths property at the given filename .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  when timer evaluates an object path should be used with a valid python be considered an object .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of grouped data for the given form .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  form   form

test:  test whether a given word is english .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  decide   null

test:  get a basic user id and create the basic user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if version is installed and it must be a certain version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  find exception in a dict .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  find   string
truth:  function   function

test:  task used for django templates .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  verifies that the given bundle namespaces in bundle goes to bundle .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  controls   controls

test:  add option key values to open them .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  null   add
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns a list of public ids for the given exploration references .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  a create api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves first differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   host
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  install setuptools from a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  install   return
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the value into a single space .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  perform two matrices by a and perform a each row in a and b .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this jboss configuration in a violin configuration definitions .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  be   indexes
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  decorator function the numpy function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a volume is enabled .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   block
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  perform one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  ensure   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  handles a list by series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  git   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get position at the first occurence of the given line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  cross   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary and populates the most recent data on the values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of cheatsheets commands for the specified mapping of chimeras/clusters .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  monitor   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that utf-8 encoded string is utf-8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country calling code for a non-geographical country calling country and the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  url for /path .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  null   github
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a file or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  install_default_handler() find_module .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  include   xml
truth:  null   a

test:  updates the product of a number .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  updates   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to numbers in iso 8601 format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  make the information from a hug server .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  make   update
truth:  report   report

test:  read the version in __version__ and po file .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  disable   versions
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: ini' this plugin allows you to capture a build step that triggered the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy to the build with the jenkins .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario from scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   time
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts the given path name to a path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the url to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python end .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  perform a log step type type .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  show information of a module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   show
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get vector3 vector3 with attributes from attributes .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  get   linear
truth:  add   add

test:  simple wrapper for coercing .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned successfully .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  returns all parameters for specified parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy parser from a parser to parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  persist   parser

test:  return a list of topic .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that the docstrings files are in the whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   method
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create a class instance from a configuration :type unified str .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open file using source folder .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   svg

test:  yield groups from a run-length after a panel-like iterators .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  yield   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function for asynchronous asynchronous node .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get a com and index for a given interface .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  set   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a certificate revocation pem certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a master bucket in the given bucket and return the first one that has a found in the s3 cache .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the formats for the every source code .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  karma'] user info .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checking for missing values .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   test
truth:  m   m

test:  return a list of certificates to a users crontab and can be committed .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  find mapreduce in current directory to find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  find   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which skips a function if decorator is skip a filesystem .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over all files that match the path .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  determines which config variables have been updated .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  determines   update
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a platform object suitable for use in a involving environment .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform algorithm in algorithm to seed .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  mask   parse
truth:  implements   generic

test:  set the child config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  set   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  discard subprocess .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  null   point
truth:  create   create

test:  return a dictionary of open file and storage for reading .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster image of the image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all existing sqs within the given list .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  message message without the characters .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  releases   message
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  get the archivable attribute and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the symmetric that are equal .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  for a list of n chunks .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the python implementation of nx3 .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  get   set
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup a setup list to be configured .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   callback
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns user information about unknown config cli examples: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all instance entry for an instance .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   no
truth:  get   a

test:  parse host and port to include a stats based on dns volume .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  host   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  allow view to add access to it to the module .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  allow   use
truth:  log   log

test:  return true if the given user is a default rich .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the current database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  db   display
truth:  create   database

test:  get rvm version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   get
truth:  update   rvm

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof standard error for the mean over samples .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams if none and return none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is a valid ixusr if mode is not a valid path .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the top number of values .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new copy of the user and documentation .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  annotate   a

test:  update the edx summary of an exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  update   add
truth:  add   in

test:  quote the most recent whitespace in the derivation comment line .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  delete a path to a directory .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  operation when urllib from checkboxes .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   matrix

test:  evaluate a linear variables along input variables parameters xs : array_like .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add the cached notebook to the notebook cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a tuple of anonymous date and username values for permission .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   user

test:  generates a masking key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  this is an re that takes a module and set the args to /var/lib/machines .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  replace   division

test:  registers a function used to decorator that require the user .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  stub   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to dirlist if 1) already exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify if the container was invalid inside a valid container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  if   container
truth:  get   container

test:  tokenize the lamps worker needed to emit a string with potentially api .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of files from the tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  files   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two pids of the timestamp .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  generates   null

test:  construct a portion of xml attribute string that can be converted to a leading attribute .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  filter backend cwd path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  remove   render
truth:  normalize   a

test:  single transaction add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  null   item

test:  returns a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for a prepopulated form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  verify that all errors of the list of errors are found .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if lines has a local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  return a mount point or update packages .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  return   up
truth:  try   try

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on the given rsa returns the number of rsa bytes .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the files has a valid url; .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if a non-nan b are ready for enough .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify that calling 1002 cmd doesnt inherits from an old-style image .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   cases
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get long to the dialog and description .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  convert   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  a simple task to check if the given device is present .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  null   check
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register our definitions .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  null   set
truth:  register   register

test:  return a label or none .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  return   check
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a callback for log and falling all the documents .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   a

test:  asserts that the given error is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  asserts   increment
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a card indicating that all the available devices .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  set   callback
truth:  query   query

test:  remove all prerequisite milestones for the specified content path .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   api
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  stop   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  for image backends - is the output of your script cli example: .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if the encoding name is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of valid paths of an array .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  need   need

test:  dump base: .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  dump   view
truth:  render   a

test:  sends to gid .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  get a calendarexample record .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  deletes   exception
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  create working copy for target but force a working directory on target directory and not specified .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  null   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate that username matches a numbers or raise a boolean value .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  raises   a

test:  compute the home_dir expansion of a file system .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  expand   core
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load every every django namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   load
truth:  if   null

test:  get the local attribute dictionary .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a source file and its source files .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  build   wrapper
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a opkg .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the tracks version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request to the path if request exists .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  request   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #2255 where empty field were empty strings were empty strings with the start of #2255 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a query formatted value out of a query string .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces non-ascii characters around sql statement with a valid random blank character .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  append   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check for missing channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   channel
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of tuples to represent the python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vm id given a vm object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the exception function that was done in python 2 .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  convert   convert

test:  grab a python number in ascii representation of a python string form .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  module   string
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a dictionary from an alias for each row .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  complete   generate

test:  build a file and return full path .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears out any microsite configuration from the caches .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random instance of matrix from the interval of integers .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  return   one
truth:  function   function

test:  version a loaded version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  settings   context
truth:  context   context

test:  remove files under root directory .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convenience method to store selinux entry .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the metadata for the given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale code set to the category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  adds   show
truth:  fake   version

test:  return a suitable information from the paragraph constructed for a node id .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an authorization code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   config
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  convert the system to html .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  ensure   html
truth:  build   html

test:  helper: utility function that takes a list of interval and returns month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extract   date

test:  handle cgi .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the binary file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  expand   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  set the default compiler of all possible methods .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  set   compile
truth:  null   inject

test:  return the traverses setting of the object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the region code that matches a specific country calling country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a python source files so that it can be used to under_score .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  module   yaml
truth:  function   function

test:  list the virtual server instance .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  watch   runs
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  interfaces the only interfaces interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns the mounts info from freebsd systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for a list of dicts .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random letter id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a string or state of a query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dict with keys of exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a new descent library with the specified label .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  create   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a plugin header into a sensible header .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary with keys the most similar to the beets database .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given src .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   return
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get a password for python script .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  the mandatory derivative of order n .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the python module in the selinux .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   in

test:  build a dict mapping data into a comparable row .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast gets valid string .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the series_dict transformation .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a c{newpath} that can be used to return its unicode path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a content_disposition version from the last position of a file .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an appropriate date from a string .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast four byte strings to a python object .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  coerce   string
truth:  if   null

test:  determines which func should be alternating and wrap a post .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  determines   request
truth:  save   null

test:  search the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  restart the quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  restart   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  gets the number of megacycles used to build lets .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any invalid characters with a string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  string   string

test:  filename filename for staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial permission .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  call a simple [gym summary of all the threads summary domain .
truth: train a model . 
test:  null   target
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a dict of size info into a list .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  construct   trace
truth:  changes   changes

test:  make an b-spline function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  compute the population correlation coefficient at the given axis .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  prompt and convert all visible values stored as a function .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   return
truth:  prompts   null

test:  test valid image when a valid image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   prewitt
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a namespace name from a remote package name .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if the url belongs to url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if installed packages is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for opening opening works .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of markdown extensions of markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the coordinate to the requested layer .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  tests   content
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a wrapper around djangos url .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   replacement

test:  relaxed average variable using a average + pixel .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates a hash for storing a working directory .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  execute   null

test:  starts a new user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and return an absolute test tests to load tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  if all console lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  regression generation matrices for 1['depth such that when apply are in data .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  decorator to retrieve all values from the requirejs and stack inspect .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  build metrics containing the repeated reprap components in the currently selected test .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  build   user
truth:  run   run

test:  set the set of computenode and lower multiple computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   update
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears all objects .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  check if the current percent of a frame is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  setup z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  create   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get synonyms status for a file .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  get the difference between two datasets .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after session session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   backend
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call the function with the right character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  call   call
truth:  wrap   table

test:  adds timeout timeout and return the timeout object .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   call
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure the path components are assigned to the final directory .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a remote pattern as string from library .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  return the queryset .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  return   media
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a file into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  multiply a list of tuples and renames objects .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a sorted instance from the given name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container container container id container container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a decorator for the given hyperparameter pairs .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  model   model

test:  this function iterates over n-dimensional data from the results .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  block   information
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  frees resource_find() command line option works .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given api api patch to the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  set   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the file with the minimums files in the given file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a helper function to direct a nice container container policy container policy name to the vm .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  is   get
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns unicode string .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  map   null
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the source of the source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  a simple way to determine the value of an iterable .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  determines   generator
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a fresh container .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  renders   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize the internal resource for the specified text .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement importable .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  implement   check
truth:  call   call

test:  verify the u'matrix for the specified resource args when the model doesnt fail the function .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test that .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  tests that asserting in month .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  tests   user
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to set a change of functions to its modifiers[symbol] .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  to   add
truth:  null   decorator

test:  copy target with a given target pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  match   a

test:  test some ipv4 tests .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  pull   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  converts an image to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  generates a random random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a fake files .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  join   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  does this decorator passed around the type did not add a type object .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  does   sql
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is return status .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute x and y estimator between each non-negative ok .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  return a byte text for the given name and cluster name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract default module from imported as string .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  default   one
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add one or more bench from the bench .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   ssl
truth:  add   custom

test:  convert &amp; .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  convert   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries by using multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   endpoint
truth:  merge   a

test:  checks a vcenter function as consists of the port .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide two chars after the given filename .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that a requirements is parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a schema object in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial container from a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace a specific header .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a prosite entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  decorates the url for the given time .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  put   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  get the default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  search for a the result :return: string: the given config_string .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  search   calls
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to the current environment variables .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  display   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the c{elementtree} limit of a filename="test to the open file limit .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  configure   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  command line interface for the application script .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the number of characters in the given target session .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  capture   null
truth:  return   return

test:  raises simplepush if database is set .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   app
truth:  code   code

test:  generate all languages whose language matches the given list of supported languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a video html template and return a parsedtemplate instance .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all groups belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a group and after the specified reference .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a users deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  lock   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  get module from jinja attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  module   return
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the database url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  add   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parse out what results of /etc/shells chars into sub-token .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run periodic argument .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  initialize   helper
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a new .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a random specification of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   a
truth:  analyze   a

test:  inject data for a new workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  implement   step
truth:  used   null

test:  tell the jupyter version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a gem user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that installing an dumpe2fs file from a local one .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  return true if value-probability the axis is given .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  host   assert
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the pid of the process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  guess environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various defaults to ensure parameters required for testing purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   bytes
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a matlab matrix to a numpy array .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  builds the current versions the raw python tests are present via systemd .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  if its not a backend assign url .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple text works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  import null configurator backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  import   function
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that attaches a file to a temporary file and flush its filepath .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  flush   function
truth:  open   temporary

test:  returns an object from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  load   a

test:  ask the given tree to a given tree or string .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  ask   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  open the levi-civita symbol .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  synchronize   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the list of files and creates a list of available options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  turns   value
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print equals error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a new branch dictionary from the data .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   create
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns a list of valid xpath name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper to start and return a function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  start   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a line from the content of a line .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  read   a

test:  setup parsed config for the site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  help   help

test:  makes sure the zmq buffer is valid .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true or the object is a string .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the time summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate that the input graph is of the pixels .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the time of the two strings found in the input strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   time
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the isfortran of the first kind of the array .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  perform   column
truth:  compute   norm

test:  in the gram-schmidt method of a resource from loading .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  url   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  check the markdown escape of an object .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  check   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a first order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a single elementtree tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  parse   name
truth:  given   null

test:  checks whether filename is a system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  removes the networks associated with a given job for the given course .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  null   method
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content query result into a block group .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  prints the server .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  prints   imports
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  utility function to make a calendar version of a given stem[ .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses date .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  parses   expression
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new knowledge form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the number of seconds .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse a string containing one month and keyword argument .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  if   check

test:  constant_expression_opt : .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the linear transformation vectors for each variable in theano .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  return   password
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  adds   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return dict of links to use .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all available store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function which deletes transaction with clause where and setting {}d .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  function   eeg
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a specified order by specified value in specified book .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  collect an installed hook of tcl directories of the tcl tree .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  collects   endpoint
truth:  get   a

test:  test the column method of groups filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  email email alerts alerts a cmd .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  search   email
truth:  email   email

test:  create a calendar function for the current request .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  simple function used to return the streams certain pseudo-inverse .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  m   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  get a resource which returns a resource with a resource - used by an sw deployment .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  download all the mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  host   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  sets the logging value for the specified tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  inject the root password into a root password fs is a root password of the filesystem into the base password fs prefix to inject the base password to the base
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  constructs the device saved using the network device .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  constructs   intersection
truth:  read   in

test:  loads the plugin associated with kind and the appropriate plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  set   set

test:  only load on windows systems .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  working   works
truth:  load   load

test:  will add to a set of volume snapshots .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  label: set or get the finder-comment of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience wrapper for pdb .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  close   close
truth:  constructs   a

test:  get the sailthru from a new user .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  get   issue
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of all the database that a user tile .
truth: create the database . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   create

test:  log multivariate normal assumes x is a function of an axix .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  given the directory path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   check

test:  set a value for a key .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  set   var
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send event .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  utility method to format bytearray into its textual parts .
truth: if present . 
test:  null   name
truth:  present   null

test:  returns the path to the every request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows table from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request a given object update its unique object .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f * a monic chain in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list currently configured commands .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a vector with the data points of images .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  is   return
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get username of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  a dictionary mapping identifers to an ordered class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  turn   class
truth:  traverse   null

test:  return the document data structure of a discussion discussion .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  open   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a memory client on the registry .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  raises frappe with given document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  return a getter property with a cascading name .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an exception .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the json representation of the response .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  get   input
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  a class visit .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns one tensor of model weighted graph .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   class
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  convert the name and the right args for a given type .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates a random document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parallel parallel .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   memory
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the axis input input input input input input input input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  decorate all the (client function .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  return   configures
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   display
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function that returns value of the current database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  turns pair of strings to a single page .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the irc test suite .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  calculate the first sentence of the specified or 0 .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if after a module appears to the new [uuid|alias|hostname] names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp instance on the modbus database .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  the default xdg_data_home callback .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  default   render
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove terms with zero coefficients from f in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  remove   events
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will be called from another process when building the multiprocessing output and in function calling the process name .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  sets the buffer on action .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find the minimum operator of type v .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  fetch the users about all requests .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a number to a number .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for cli portion of a decorator .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  default   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return given pattern in given string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a response object .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   response
truth:  download   a

test:  make the virtual environment for directed .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  make   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the directory where the directories is located .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  return   one
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   transaction
truth:  view   a

test:  configures a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  calls   configures
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  yields a blob that resets its snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  adds a new task to the queue supports it .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  calculates the value of a and y distance between the "author_view" .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  calculates   tan
truth:  null   distance

test:  validates valid characters from a string .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the pixel from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function to return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an argument spec for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   updates
truth:  creates   null

test:  if the given glob matches the given glob .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   glob
truth:  tests   tests

test:  set valid five and return the response body .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the __subclasshook__ execution object for the given resource .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test new region of a bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  backend   name
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given settings .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime today validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   response
truth:  test   date

test:  get the value .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of the specified field names .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  list   attributes
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend the models notification to update the models notification .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   null

test:  grab and return the vfs in a user .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  function to enable default trace for the duration of a trace .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  return the fully qualified url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run the sample tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  skips   correlation
truth:  run   run

test:  element-wise logarithmic loss loss .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns a course_key if cohorted is set to commentable .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of all items in the console .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the standard handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   plotting
truth:  null   handlers

test:  finds out the socket from the given socket .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  pop   return
truth:  check   check

test:  group command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  bench   bench

test:  get the list of hosts for the user model .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  the absolute module name to the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  count count of a compact byte string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  chomp a reference to offset specified .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  get   current

test:  just like the numpy identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  return   return

test:  show or include the added field with added pantsrefs .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   info

test:  create a string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get a queue object from the passed timeout .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the pbkdf2 hash of password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a datetime value to the corresponding date .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  logs information about the current list .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  allow   controller
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the wrapper around binary representation .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   function

test:  compute the valid sum of a sequence of bits .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over a iterator that can be loaded .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return disk name of i/o .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing accept with linking to gemm .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  middleware   inputs
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the authentication token from the request .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  creates a module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse usage .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  command   control
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to make a valid surfaces .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  removes all files for given user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  utility function to get information about the requested redirection .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return partial numpy array for partial memory .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  create a class that ignores any common consumption .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  for matplotlib compatibility; use matplotlib arguments .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  generated   null

test:  return a single basic graph for nodes with all nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  return   query
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a return b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the context of the current request to the given context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  parameters myclass .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a command history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert from hex string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  set   run
truth:  work   work

test:  salt event to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  accepts a byte string or a long integer this is the corresponding u'%-' .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  raise an exception when error is raised by the server .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   execution
truth:  if   null

test:  stop everything .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   shortcut
truth:  stops   current

test:  update a single period for the given period .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  update   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax can parse a feature with missing scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extract the request from request or permitted to environment .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  extract   output
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of {}conn locations that are on the provider .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a function to return a new matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  function   map
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  dump a histogram store .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  dump   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get step with the same name as fractions .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  using   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  yield code .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   directory
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  null   like
truth:  format   a

test:  upload the clean release to pypi .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  casts   check
truth:  upload   upload

test:  reverse an existing site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  reverse   wrapper
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate commands of the current init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a pending computer file .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  return a multipart content type for debugging output .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  return a valid language name .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  return   html
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the memoryerrors argument will be loaded correctly .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs from vcs .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  create a new trail .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the index bucket to use in future batches to build .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   project
truth:  extract   null

test:  function creates a datetime object from a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   user
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  call this function .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  call   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  choose an exponential polynomial of a rational together .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  deletes   a

test:  executes a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read '%is' packets and return as list of float pairs from file .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control service on a node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  replace the numpy array with elements in a .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  returns a copy of a list of dicts that can be used to one of them .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize path separater .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  check user is optionally a redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  check   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restore field field by positions with the current collection .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  for image backends - is the plain python script and tells the accepted script that should be automatically deleted .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  return   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a variable is a shared tag .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from a qualified-table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  shows whether the portage option must be used .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute fromelementnode and sign of a positive floating point .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  processes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the logging module if messages is allowed to the logging log to the logging logging logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  configure   control
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the name of a bup .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  name   name

test:  strips a whole model .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that "checkerboard" raises a valueerror when the screenshot is signed .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  verifies the applet stub map exists .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  given a list of tokens .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  generate the warnings token in a request .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  encrypts the reverse label kinds and not the same signatures .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  calling   call
truth:  github   github

test:  set the handler for the specified python module .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  set   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inject all against one or more files to a python file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  copy   variables
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the commandsif commands to debug applications .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   seed
truth:  error   error

test:  query scopes for watch subject .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a kegg file with shared fields into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slice slice and a slice slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  slice   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deprecated; pricing for module specified in module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  module   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - restful crud controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a signed key string .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a collector['activity-by-hour']['smtp-sends'][date log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from words file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test tight_layout for an individual labelsize 404s .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  plot   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  disables   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  support user ha ha by resource .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  remove   tickets
truth:  support   rm

test:  return a list of the application state of the provider .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  if click is inside an okay .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  select   null

test:  create the minimal ui ip object for the application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad a multiple region for a given arrow .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a string from a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes all continueos cache files .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a list of supported summary for translation requests .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  call to debconf .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk size of the file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name for a fullscreen thread .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  create   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test if a numpy array is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as time .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  returns formstyle formstyle with respect to commit id .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  returns   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  open a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   component

test:  extracts the mathjax script from a script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a package in freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of events of the provided events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  delete the hostname for caching .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  call n absolute value of a symbol .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  null   generator

test:  show all event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that doesnt support the buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  yields   manager
truth:  used   null

test:  set the default group of user user user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   return
truth:  process   process

test:  derivative spherical bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confirm a specific string passed a skipped to a true or false .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all functions .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  filters the collection index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string in the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge an bokeh environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns an individual module for the course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   return

test:  the user a user is allowed to .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get or updates the role policy for the specified role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the date of github workflow releases from a nearer iteration .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  count the nice version message for python known to cause problems with a python version .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read out the given path under edx month .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string types of the given types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a link from source directory at source directory specified as a relative path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate coefficients of n of length n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  generates   zeros
truth:  return   a

test:  test print/repr from distances .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  null   null

test:  unregisters a review review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  evaluate sha .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  evaluate   wrapper
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  the args for all packages .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return the first options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  permutes the disk ip address .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  null   get
truth:  translate   rest

test:  creates a new s3 file and its contents .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  return a httpresponse using the specified name .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  return   prompt
truth:  ask   user

test:  checks for number of signed and int .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timezone name and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set a lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  remove the hit function .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  remove   utils
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  look up a function and return the resulting dictionaries .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to strip a markdown of markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  a simple check if dbref is a power of the dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  same as integers/bools as expr in the expression given .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test the the behavior of certificate files in the same order as multi-line .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  test   test

test:  this function tries to dynamically be inserted at the profile module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   cases
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a random string of a set of vector[i] .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  create a collection of iterables and generate the highest data directories .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get special environment variables for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function abstract which will be called or method abstract .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  computes the index of the same distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  pull   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  register the expired events in the background for event assigned to the current event context .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  null   add
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save the module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  module   null
truth:  save   state

test:  return information about the added int in a format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  run the /usr/share/doc/ py3 after this worker .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  watch   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the hub of the addon .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  set   context
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get last latest changelog defined for a specified repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   update
truth:  return   return

test:  try to parse s3 utf-8 string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i is called .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  take a string from a textual-form object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  take   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the table info and can be serialized as a negative value for the qtable and notes: .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   table
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get engaged and outputs of start and date specified .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  does the date/time on the openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  does   op
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts expr in expr to unicode representation of the given expression .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  converts   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return a hash representation of flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the entry point for function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  check ]['use - convert floats to a valid index .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a packet .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  host   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   files
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the group that should be used .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  an scan the directory where paths exist .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for adding/editing adding/editing .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  find the analysis that looks like an expression or matrix .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the working tree of the current process .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  command   command

test:  return the keystone client for an authorization session .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  l2 for comparing two numpy arrays .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  null   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  convert human readable ipv4 or ipv6 address to packed representation .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the loop of a list of keys .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the mysql has a database in the currently set .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrap a function to check if the wrapperfunctionthatdoestheenforcementthat\ntheshoppingcartfeatureisenabled\n'if is enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  wrap   methods
truth:  is   a

test:  format an order for the given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  format   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all the levels of the tree starting with the given levels .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  given   a

test:  send linear unit integer columns into a square .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  evaluate   function
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the function names .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   set
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more items from the queue return an item .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates a workflow with an arbitrary tensor .
truth: input data . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  input   data

test:  launches the function signature .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory with a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg command .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for randomization the single function calls a helper .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   call
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  determines whether the style has been created from the parallel .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that expects a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return an objects that should be previously registered for certain db .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  potential system path of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  null   energy

test:  sets the existing complex .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the value of a iban matrix .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  return a list of xml xml data .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register a pairs of a given results .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  adds a tensor to a different by one or more complex .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  get   values

test:  accepts a set of the original model class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  copy the specified u'auto' .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  open   null
truth:  default   default

test:  sorts the tables .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  perform   method
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if update is available .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  the traverses for a auth authentication key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  select   mark
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  return the list of errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read & return the temporary file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  change the value of a salt .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  change   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data to show all the clipboard to the add-on protocol .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  ensure   seed
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks to see if two <filter> is in the element .
truth: check slug . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   slug

test:  this is the following text/bytes function .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  if   return
truth:  project   project

test:  compute compute sqlalchemy migration for the given migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a data digest to a return value of the ascii .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts the parent fk4 to a list of searches .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date for a given date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  simple wrapper around obj .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   pause
truth:  null   rest

test:  return preview info in a structure .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  pull   price
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a new mysql version cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   resources
truth:  set   set

test:  shows a list of the events page and version of the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  shows   handler
truth:  null   page

test:  ensures that the variance of the probability condition of the values lie to the right of the mean .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  ensures   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value from the statement[ representation of a key .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the discrete octet .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  null   string
truth:  parses   parses

test:  decorator to get the entrance exam directory of its dependencies .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  to   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  calling a class where its value is what calculations .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  calling   default
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the dictionary for the given name .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the unary |code1| is a sequence of all strings .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute image corner measure response structure of a given pixel .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   expand
truth:  compute   harris

test:  construct an constructor object from a python data .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  set the specified dns message if it exists .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  sets   directory
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  find package in the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  find   check
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  -   callback
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if the given server is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a list of hosts which go from the shims file or write each ip of the given host .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a requirements file as pip columns the one .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a txt record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an email to a new login password .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  the command minus products .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  read a buffer to a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  launch   get
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the position of a list in list examples .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   markup
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show usage information about all the figures .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   print
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks to see that a pre-release is the name of the explicit versions .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   check
truth:  specify   a

test:  return the current transaction .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper method to create score for a course .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  receives   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which returns a simple topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  get the name of a directory containing python files .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  open a file containing a default document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   polygon
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a new function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the extension in the given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  return   call
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the given url to be used for urls .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' builds 'goals' to html documentation .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url for the given controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  modified   version

test:  restore this plugin .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   key
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  makes a expression expression into a list of fields .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the variable is defined: according to the same api .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   conversion

test:  create a column using the source api .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  create   unicode
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure that function is applied .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  make   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the object is a sequence of the sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameter_list : lbrace comma lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the html generated problem to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   database
truth:  compute   student

test:  given an non-ascii guess .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  given   change
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  signature signature .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a plot 1d distribution of a 1d distribution .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  fit requests and numa in the provided stats .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  find   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  regression test for pickling on theano conversion and presents the same exceptions as system .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dont catch every scenario .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  verifies   create
truth:  passing   null

test:  increment to the time of each appinclude .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  increment   version
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  include host mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  host   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  return normalized http request list of display variables .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  normalizes   endpoint
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two dimensional elements in a .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  adds a url to complex-valued form with adding a url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  adds   path
truth:  function   function

test:  check if there are any assertion that duplicate the request .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  save the last region of this object to the mysql attribute .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  save   update
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify weights from webassets .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  return the complex mean of the first kind or equal to the bounds interval .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check all names over thirty in the table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  check   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns all synonyms from the given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  save a new collection count in a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  save   a
truth:  create   a

test:  safely compute a variable for overwritten: bindings .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  given a protobuf protobuf .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  given   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  make a default extension being a dictionary of .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  return   lock
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  integrate the output of openshift .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  command   command

test:  helper method for comes which checks if a variable is iterable .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  elide the statusbar and patch requests into a font file handle .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if the user is enabled .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  return   default
truth:  default   default

test:  get the correct option and paginated table .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  open   type
truth:  choose   null

test:  tests that ['create' and ensure that all npm functions are less than the user .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  files   files

test:  template route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   route
truth:  format   format

test:  to print the configured git repository for a given name .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' equals integer .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  creates a list of tuples into the default and collects a corresponding to the current click .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  will return value from primitive .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns sampling sampling mrg function that decorates a callable for theano reasons parameters x : callable name or tuple of sampling to print the current model returns: - the output
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  construct   null

test:  generate f form of a univariate polynomial in f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  this function returns a string - for the current transaction .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output has at least one element .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: build sets build for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  return all edges that are on the graph of the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   call
truth:  perform   a

test:  vowel vowel of two characters .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  most errors are dummy .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the app of = installed in the contact environment .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  activate   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default test matches the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy resource protector .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   output
truth:  to   hook

test:  img2 wrapper for symbol uses expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  required   leaf
truth:  split   expression

test:  function to retrieve a bad change for the user by email address the users change permissions .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  password   password

test:  convenience wrapper around 180 that helper: .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for product in works for the product given parent .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  caching caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict containing all valid variables .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary of json representation of a given type args: value : the json object json or none may contain the requested tool shed : the type of a
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a string and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find a modules file or compiled str .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  check   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build directories from enumerates using fcgi .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the json list of options .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   function
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of all resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns printed description of feed for a feed distribution .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the inverse of a string .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: scan-build publish 'ruby-class' test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute infinite-medium between outside of distances .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   surface

test:  paste deploy .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  remove all of the parity tests from the account .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  updates all of the i-th packages .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if the given image is false the file system .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items from backend dictionary based on backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  an ajax view to return the result of locale information .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  returns   group
truth:  null   null

test:  return the internal connection object .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  update a task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  update   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the restful handler for the admin session .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a socket object for the options .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  disable   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  mulrowcol -> tuple arguments: a lower triangular of the vectors of a line examples .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  return the pprint group of a given module .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  determine a pandas unit errors .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  determine   calls
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return true if node is subclass of a class .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  install   null
truth:  require   null

test:  determines whether a particular file has a sort status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  files   files

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use a lazy test to reset a lazy trying to reset .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  use   up
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if a given uri is a string .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of subgraph components of graph in connected components .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns a list of templates and its templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from probabilities .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  reverse a dictionary of arbitrary values .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the target between the target loss between the output: and the output: and the output: letters .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  extracts the job id of the job examples .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  count   get
truth:  null   migration

test:  temporarily release the logging for a code with a optionparser logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  release   function
truth:  returns   logger

test:  load custom email info from multiple email buffers .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  loads   test
truth:  add   add

test:  return the number of seconds .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  release a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  release   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return x with an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   variance
truth:  return   x

test:  wrap conflict decorator to the same sgroup as the sgroup object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete partitions of g .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a location object for --instance-groups .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  returns   web
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a new pool exists on the selinux pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a given marketing link is a link in the list .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates the list of all the n nodes in a dataset n the given list of token n .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  list pprint for object output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  returns a list of interval ready for any interval with a group .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified serie .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update disk heartbeat until accessed events is true .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  notify   instance
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans a vm vm on the named vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  cleans   return
truth:  starts   null

test:  find the primary vdi instance .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  clones   a

test:  send an operation for operation .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  throw   application
truth:  to   method

test:  return an html formatted string of html attributes from the alphabetical header .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  return   return
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish from banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single dimension .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  call out two two two two two urls using github settings .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  return   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set up glfw check for glfw .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  send   set
truth:  set   gl

test:  update the parent of this post .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if plural between a position and a unit at a unit .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  tests cookiecutter with no_input=true and without what the cookiecutter is returned .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  like   call
truth:  call   call

test:  check if path is executable and should be found .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as being exempt from the maintenance context .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  marks   version
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip decorator marking a test if a condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the chapters type for the given sequence .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert books ratio to home assistant rgb value .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compares our environment for the local process to test .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  determines   system
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory exists .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an understandable error from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set an environment variable for test .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  change   env
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source code at a theano variable by coordinate system .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  source   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a string into an entity string .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  save or disable the process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   manager
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the number of seconds from the specified family .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  convert text to a link .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  block   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save image of the edges that should read from the file .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  open   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test verifying a user using the third user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of lists for a given cache id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format this image for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate an asset thumbnail for a given asset using any event .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges into a document .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  code   append
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the latest release is a git release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the logrotate application from the current machine .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  performs commands and normalizes checks on the given value .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  performs   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  sort rank of sequences and densedesignmatrix implementation .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  results   list
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add a new attributes to the given dict of dicts .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   add
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   os
truth:  require   null

test:  convert unit size to 64-bit between translation .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   font

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   glances
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator which creates a new test app .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  assigns   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of all groups the given user .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  creates a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the test suite when run the given module with -m .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  tests   runner
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  return the xml file descriptor from a bytestring .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  read   a

test:  return the supplied nodes as an nodes .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   check
truth:  search   search

test:  decorator to abort an anonymous user for testing .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method func <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return credentials from iterable .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  features   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of flags with an object flags .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate the contents of a list in a string .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  generate   a

test:  retrieves the specified iscsi or from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create eeg eeg filter at the given data using no function .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   coordinates
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate coordinates by coordinates and cartesian .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  using   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  return data in bin .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract valid fixtures/vmtests/* name for header that isnt cause unusable .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the state of many items in result[state to true .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  send raw shopproduct associated with the current session data .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  determine   read
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the external set of filters for a list of source dataset .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict of account for all payment .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  date of the numpy library for the given dtypes .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get a single random amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   get
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache by entity .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  assert   change
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a specified layout .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  given   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a pcs property cibfile the pcs command cibfile property of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs cibfile use cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  for email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  already 405 .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function to format the boto_kinesis datastore .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to get information from a policyexcept document .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a network from the cloud network table .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the configuration options .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a path .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   start
truth:  given   null

test:  find the library associated with an dll'libname library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   control
truth:  to   null

test:  and it does upgrade if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  remove rid of a module from the path separator .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the metric instance .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  checks if the string has only one language .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  checks   parse
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  patched of log messages .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   update
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a host name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  declared filter filters with role based on the target name and stores its children with the data .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  filter   verifies
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return the tar file at name specified in the specified files .
truth: using os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  using   os

test:  get support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  given   open
truth:  support   support

test:  recursively intent a valid intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate :key aws axis path for the given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  build   add
truth:  return   a

test:  set the session name .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get the first 106 class .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove all seqs from a new sample sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert lists to a json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a dummy .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   keyword

test:  return list of languages files from the path to the generated python worker directory .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  bulk bulk ip from the floating ip addresses .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return the index of lists to be used .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  pad   updates
truth:  array   array

test:  gets the url for the current locale to correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return the dimensions of the stages for all the files assigned to the template context .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  close   null
truth:  build   build

test:  create an absolute path into a list of directories .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the user has at least the given course wiki out of the users wiki for the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file at filepath to a filepath .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   case
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get last downloadable list of changesets for a specified repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   update
truth:  return   return

test:  run the given content type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get an instance of an instance in the provided migration .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  tries to determine the boolean cache force_lists force_lists to the given prime cache .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  to   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an oauth clientsecrets from the given filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a python object .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  return   data
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along axis every mime type .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   function
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  tokenize dask model see numpy arrays the given array .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  place   merge
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  filters all heteroscedasticity from a permission_types distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  a utility function to convert the message to a qualified field .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize -> list if cleaned is a string .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  marks   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  link an link to a list of child related to .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   null
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two files and the virtual directory if they havent been created .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  find a users port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  resets   data
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resource handler for adding an object to a single request .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks whether the supplied args is a valid selinux .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api service returns {created: true} if the specified api was created and returns {created: false} if the api was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  validate that incoming fields against an "eval"-able configuration .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  handles   handles

test:  encodes message into the message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the file is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns migrations in postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds potentially items in predicate for which predicate is found .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if discussions can be py2 .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: the absolute pathname .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts usage_key_string to a corresponding dictionary .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  convert   course

test:  initialization polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  convert a uncomment ioloop to the output as the one .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  installs   update
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator for subclasses of a function decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  accept   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  freeze   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  takes the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to file at url using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  open a backup file for a file containing a backup of the executable files .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  launch   work
truth:  manage   null

test:  converts graph g to g .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a sreceived bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install destination .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   one
truth:  install   python

test:  find and return a flavor list of allocations .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of all related models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return an operator as a exit task key .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  check if there are no user preferences .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  if   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  the angle of 3d feature types a list of floats .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  numa numa info from database .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  host   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  fix any the strftime number in the year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function to return as described as the ndarray .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  function   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize all expression into a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the windows registry key is absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  replace a revision version of the item with published version .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  return   timeline

test:  to be used with the user configuration .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  cache   password
truth:  to   check

test:  install and python package with port and the given port cli example: .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   update
truth:  puts   null

test:  return true if the video & generate its dependencies .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   get
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parse   a

test:  fix setting the database and invalidation .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   argv

test:  create an operation to invoke a new operation running the given operation .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  create   implementation
truth:  fires   a

test:  helper function to get course tabs .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  function   -
truth:  prints   prints

test:  fetches file for /bin/sh .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  fetches   language
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   add
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the feature things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  add   args
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  runs the input norm .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  coerce   map
truth:  maps   maps

test:  remove all objects from the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points with half of the points inside the channel path .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether the call to read a package from the program .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   case

test:  a source element .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  source   chocolatey
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert im2 .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  convert   im1
truth:  null   null

test:  set the line number of nodes in the line that has line number .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful handler for entrance objects score .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager that doesnt allow a zip zip file to be contrast .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute tris connectivity for a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find tests by name .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if a valid virtual server .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  returns v minus the dot product of vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists to convert an html5 string to a row .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the given string is an array .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the available credentials from ~/ file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  get   consul

test:  delete a previously added token .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  rebuild matrix to direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  return   matrix

test:  retrieve the json key for the given photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  retrieve   fetch
truth:  get   photo

test:  create and return the default test xblock for a course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an opt-out hash .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  ensure   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  normalize classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   poisson
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  validate comment by name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   datetime
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return email for email .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  given   user
truth:  runs   runs

test:  determine ?$' ports with recent 7 .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  determine   render
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the training data passed into the training hidden data structure .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove all wildcards] from the contents of anonymous theme .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  files   compile
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of error class to be a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the rho normal unit function .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the given element is not a type or is not found .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  writes   add
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns true if the xmodule object is memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  same as mdata-put .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return information about all node memory cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device associated with the given node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify a hash returned by the current tenant .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   update
truth:  existing   null

test:  utility function to check a function .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the git command line with the git commit .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  removes a response from url .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  populate   circuit
truth:  attempt   a

test:  given a sqlalchemy url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks up the connection for a list of urls .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  lists   security
truth:  find   find

test:  set the new instance of an instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  set   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get a users brands and recommend based on them .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  given a pattern or ipv6 and a port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  host   port
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture that doesnt try to be used for requests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  create   create

test:  enqueue attachments attachments and email address if recipients has not set .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  traverse a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace :func:select .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  set   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random queries with the generate data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  index   index

test:  attempts to wrap a socket that tells the specified paths to the file .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  return   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  admin view that ruturns app activity in output .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  resize the given row by the given parameters image : ndarray .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file containing the contents of a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return an empty backup backup .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  return   call
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert the image of a feature to a file .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  seconds   image
truth:  build   build

test:  reshape a sequence of lists .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  general sort handler based on dictionaries in merge the dictionaries provided .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find a 2d covariance matrix assumes the points of a function authored .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for adding a table with an action to an action .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a union of a given expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  read data from a tuple parameters data : str the device to read from an array .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  read   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates a score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  if x is a pep around z .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  the categorical crossentropy used in a sequence of shape .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a valid device are used when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  called on application which sets a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  error   error

test:  hyperbolic sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns site info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   site

test:  :(%) shapesh .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   product

test:  converts a doctest size into a string .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get availability info .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an iterable of items into a list of export-friendly .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  installs everything required for all the installed python related to the db .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  installs   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information and states cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  installed   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  this function returns a valid *ax* model .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  function   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  enable profiling that would otherwise be done .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  enable   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a protobuf into a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  create   source
truth:  index   index

test:  test an identical version of an installed version .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  search   null
truth:  return   a

test:  format the filesystem for the given device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  uses   filesystem
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a basic auth with authentication <bokeh .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  null   user
truth:  set   set

test:  decides whether the arg is a list of arg and if there is more positional arguments .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the name of the sysctl parameter cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  release the container .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  get a list of test modules below the end of the test .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator that skips test decorator .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return string where comment is compatible with spaces .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process fails with the given process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   process
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  format a signal name .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  format   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  return the descriptor to a random expression .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the options line and send the command line to a line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  add a new ssh key to the device .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  missing from the campaign model .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this the students page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  show   show

test:  return the given file name .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   html
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert dstart to the corresponding date of each character in dstart .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  send context in named file .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  context   context
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test same sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  for each format type type type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test the port returns a sensor port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a string containing the translation value for given currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensures that the named signal is absent name the system to remove user the name of the state to remove all of the state of the signal to be in
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  check if input data has a valid 'means' key .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  if   one
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call the file-like object .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  logs user out the api if he is not logged or reset an api .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  call   sets
truth:  adds   null

test:  search the file or a file with specified name .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  search   return
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  verify that the certificate file lookup is in certificate to .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays color debugging .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  color   program
truth:  prints   prints

test:  n-dimensional function for a multivariate distribution .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  function   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a introduction instance from given database .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return a subset of tvdb value from a dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  return   path
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set it as dictionaries with labels and set it as dictionaries for the given contact .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find all area under the first area from s .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  -   minimum
truth:  find   a

test:  check the file of the standard error .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  query   implements
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text from the loop .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fetches a list of versions for the given version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  fetches   versions
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run commands to ensure tests are run in process .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   backend
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check whether version is in the denominator .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   setup
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a unicode value to an appropriate type .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  wrapper around nmap .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  null   one
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that a is in first .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply together in k[x] using a polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  modify the absolute path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  get   type
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify x classes of an exception that verify the original function .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   classes
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to declare a wsgi action to a function calls another method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  attaches   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the name of the package database .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  determine   null

test:  the posform .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  assume that the port is running on .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  calling   subprocess
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  returns spaced group name for a cluster .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   cinder
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for the pattern matches the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the list of pids the user is logged in email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  check   a
truth:  query   query

test:  rest controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  colorize the log-normal color to python file .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  writes   debug
truth:  warning   warning

test:  change users being used in mb of users problems .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  change   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a pickleable that merge a vdi with a tree and returns its children .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the generalized generalized cli example: .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   maximum
truth:  return   return

test:  return the case property property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  change   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  push subscription for corresponding channels .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  mark   update
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  return   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  extracts the cohort for the group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the os .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  get search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  get   redirect
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if a python file with a python file path .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a combined combined cipher .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a is greater than b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns the first array of the first element of the array .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder can be structurally .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  null   index
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of dictionaries of all roles and represent them to group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempts to get the group if it exists .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  to   return
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  signal that the total user will use in a {% user as user_display} {% user_display }} }} for the useful %} user_display {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  null   example

test:  determine a list of data data which are allowed to generate a separate value .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  show   show

test:  add a function to the kwargs of a class .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  add   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  signature all layers .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  disables   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the absolute path for specified directory .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a script to the queue .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   metagenomeseqs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks that the expr has been rewritten using f -> f(x) arg : -x .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   error
truth:  checks   checks

test:  push the project .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  push   versions
truth:  specified   tag

test:  return the native unicode path for the specified path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the deploy views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  returns a list of index for a namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all empty arrays .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that mixin info with a sample info .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  return   no
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a string for a mongoreplicasetclient error .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  default   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to skip tests whether a method with a single record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  prints   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  converts a package to an integer .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy values from object v with a single key .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event on the event status .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  map symbols in whose values are errors .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  removes all importconditions available on the logger .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  handle   get
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   meta

test:  helper function to format a parameter value in the solar provided .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply an environment variable .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given resume is scheduled .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  return   return
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parses a tvdb token .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  string   string

test:  create a matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  fetch   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to require two dictionaries .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   value
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  generates the test case for a l{klein} csp to the extra issue ? .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the value of the html documentation .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  get a value of valid field name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  adjust   get
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a indentation to display it with the normalize line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   indent
truth:  normalize   a

test:  run a check if matplotlib is matplotlib .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  skips   a

test:  cause the cassandra points of the cassandra as parameter .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  default   layout
truth:  order   order

test:  list of libraries available in the libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a matrix s with all functions stored in the first kind .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  function   exists
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  restart   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function for an image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  this function will be pickleable .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes string from plain to plain format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  compresses   a

test:  return status of the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an pid of inappropriate script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a configured config .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  slices   statistics
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if logical port is not a 'vgdisplay%s' .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the simple issue headers for issue @rtype: .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number of bits random number of bits random bit .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an instance of prepopulated_fields from the given object .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return a nested tree of nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  loads a main application .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  case where an desired behavior of the desired state was added .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show a directory unless it doesnt exist or a user .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   name
truth:  run   run

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get a specific volume id by id .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  remove files or directories .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  files   update
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager for tests that require stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all defined networks .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  render an expression; that is the latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  passed a qurl function for the given qurl view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  string   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper method to build an instance with the specified instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting topomap .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the language code of the integer .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   download
truth:  write   null

test:  parse a timestamp out of a timestamp .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   result
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional train and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   quota
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter of instructor tasks as html .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  rescales the omega of a each axis is a function .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a variant of :func:gettext .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  create a dopile input .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  create   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task that emits the delayed amount amount of tkagg .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the bounding equation at halfwave portion of a libcloud datetime object .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  calculate   home
truth:  get   get

test:  read a test file descriptor to a test file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that the exception is initialized correctly .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  traverses topic tree to generate a dictionary with related subtopics per topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  smooth   project
truth:  returns   a

test:  allocate python data from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  display   fasta
truth:  null   in

test:  returns an b-spline handler function that never be used in the given lxml .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convenience function to get a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a driver has expected or for the application .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate datetime .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get the centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   convex
truth:  get   get

test:  fetches the contents of a given asset .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats the path to a filter to use with the whitespace process to stored .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  optdict   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  validate the lhs name .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  validate   extension
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   implementation
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  this function implements a simple email address and returns email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  view   send
truth:  send   a

test:  test test even .
truth: if a . 
test:  tests   dask
truth:  if   a

test:  validate a positive value for a positive integer or 0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a metadata .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  log   a

test:  when new data cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the distribution of distances in file-like object n .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  given a resource key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  looks   resources
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if the actual representation of coordinates give a icrs<->gcrs numpy array for inverse clusters .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  null   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  classifier decoding decorator .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  null   a

test:  copy all exported files in src to test .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parses the given literal into list of entity and port .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  sends   arguments
truth:  validates   validates

test:  end end to end version command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   end
truth:  end   end

test:  yields a blob that resets its encryption after the supplied blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  global connections off paramiko to an ssh server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns whether the given path is a valid os .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  to   check

test:  check if a container is upload up with a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  check   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ area .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  the key dialogs for zookeeper notbefore/notafter .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a human-readable resource in the command line .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a task eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the currently installed cpu .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is f or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts a list of blacklisted ips into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fill the x intersections as a loop list .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   set
truth:  add   add

test:  return a slice slices of array after trimming distribution from the right lag distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  take   arrays
truth:  slices   slices

test:  decorator for marking the decorated function kwargs .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   in
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for class methods .
truth: create a property . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the default url .
truth: takes request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple view for views .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   custom

test:  basic queries .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  get the queryset of the logged in the request .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   page
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively copy a file and dst and dst using shutil models .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  parse blacklisted tweets from the glob view file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  search   parse
truth:  to   try

test:  check if were running in a directory that is associated to the system .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a dns search .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parse a iso 8601 entry and return a python timestamp object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  ensure an unicode string in a python implementation .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   method

test:  verify that the uri signature exists .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  cut decomposes with float calling the private key labels .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  preprocessing   sql
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure a test and skip them to be skipped .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a stub parameter dictionary .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  find   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  check if a string can be an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  this function creates a 3600000 matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse dance pin to a twitter token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return original date for a group .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the current user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vdi record and return the new disk order .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a scan for submission a tagged that can use a beautifulsoup corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  walk   downloads
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url matching the given argument .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all the disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  test parsing .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  delete the vsphere http application to get its dependencies .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  unregister   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  get a class that wraps a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the directory that the current working directory path symbol for underlying .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs the front of the front line arguments .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  indent   string
truth:  null   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler helper .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   in

test:  fetches a new port number that has the given twisted .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  fetches   method
truth:  make   a

test:  update some of the hash for an object .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   update
truth:  return   a

test:  create simple binding in the jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if path starts with ? .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to plot the @subclass general element to the axis .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  set the current request to fix at given filename .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  set   fix
truth:  open   open

test:  parse url from s3 file path .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  url   converts
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  call data in a single fold format .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys of the matrix of values .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach the user ids representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  returns a class attributes for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parameters x : a function to be true or a boolean value .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the list of ifname .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   range
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure the primary namespace related to work .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  make   check
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx pre-generated nonassoc .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   disconnect
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create an empty resource dialog for the stonith property cibfile use cibfile instead of the live command cibfile indicate that stonith the live command cibfile use cibfile instead of the
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the deeply stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show a list of available results in the input plot .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   unpack
truth:  get   get

test:  create the validator object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a vcard_string: file from a shims file .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  pulls   task
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that input file with data values .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   input
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the disabled services that are disabled but not enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send an event to a specified event name .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  release the session object .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  acquire   close
truth:  close   close

test:  check if the debug request is debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  null   change
truth:  get   get

test:  if user is in a beta test group .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  assert that mail has the same number of mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   msg
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output the arguments passed into the args and kwargs .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  be   unicode
truth:  print   print

test:  helper method to check if the right is done .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  setup a class or required roles are required for testing .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  modify   methods

test:  perform a otu table with otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  default   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension activation section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  locate columns from csv file into csv files .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  block   a
truth:  load   a

test:  validate the project parent project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   build
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get a global version of the api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if there is a python package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this test case complements cpythons test_import .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room object .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series expansion of the series expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   p
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain path based on the xml-file path passed as a working directory cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  start   return
truth:  define   a

test:  looks for vhds repository to our storage repository this is used when we have a path directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = primary key = name the name of chars * network name the power'] drive * safe -- org .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   power
truth:  request   power

test:  returns a list of index .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set it as dictionaries with labels and set it as dictionaries for the given user permitted with labels and set
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fixup_ins_del_tags -> list arguments: auth_token -- the next element of the given object .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  launch an initial un-ordered repository for the given execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  launch   frequency
truth:  call   call

test:  return the application id for the given app .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return source file from ~/ .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  source   a
truth:  token   token

test:  temporarily set the particular object set to a particular object when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  see   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a completion element whose name matches a list of dictionaries .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies forest using urllib .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  sets   time
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the file flags as a afe .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 compatible interface .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verify the lists of all lists and log them from the mailchimp .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if ceph is installed cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a module label .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  returns the last user has last subscriptions .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  subscribes   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  fetch a dict .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of key setting of the destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given percentage of fasta_labels: .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can query this module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  a wrapper around subprocess .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verifies the elementtree record returned by the range template .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   a

test:  adds an existing axis to the given axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete multiple instance from instances system_metadata by flavor .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  install_default_handler() the logger and installs it to the generic root queue .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  instantiates   add
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a list of absfpath applied to appropriate datatable .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   sets
truth:  is   null

test:  position text table designed for humans and test having position line before the position table .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  null   text
truth:  read   read

test:  check a module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loads a template from the models cache .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the value is not too long and matches .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a * mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  open   a
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  recall   section
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all the containers in a text .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   get
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a necessary type to the list of objects .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  help function for draft slave .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns a api user api user with the api api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  null   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  start traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  escape a url including any / .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  test format and 3 trip through a precision trip .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a compatible channel constructed from the given channel type .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a generator that returns a list of supported transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  send users with event subscriptions to the given node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  project   null
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns a boolean if a notification type is notification .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  null   users
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory for storing the files created .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove unnecessary unnecessary characters from the block .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  format   format

test:  cache the cache for the datatable model .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  cache   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the parsed site-packages revision .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for a aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  render details of the country table .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  init method .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   wrapper
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert seconds since dictionary to python .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  formats   a

test:  assert that the requested review hook is published .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  install   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  get a list of remote fields from a model instance .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of available flavor sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of all plugin names .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator factory .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  null   function
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  ensure   get
truth:  is   keyring

test:  parameters children : an array of substitution .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  transform datetime object to dsc .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set a :class:pyramid .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   null
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify transaction grades and add the given transaction as a dict .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove an entry from the help querystring .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out a list of words separated by a certificate name to check words : string of words : string the words by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  if   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  set all of the primary keys for the given key .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  start a proper service to be enabled before deleting a certificate enabled .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  retrieve the devices devices from the given url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns branch revision to use for interacting with git -p .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   version

test:  creates a copy of a given entries and its entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  in python 2 .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  null   accents
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  adds an element of the ground domain to the given constant f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  filename a .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  if the github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  if   close
truth:  format   a

test:  returns an drop-in object .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  is   null

test:  gaussian linear unit .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  add   i

test:  translate a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  helper for specify argument names and returns a numpy selector object .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   function
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  this function implements the request and modified dependencies to dummy view .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return the python language code .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   one
truth:  module   module

test:  basic unused unused prefix of an attribute of the given prefix .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  turns an ipv6 address off the first relying representation .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  mark   information
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that delimiter in column names from mathematical .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain saltinvocationerror .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  if i is an array .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   integer
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a simple base64 into a packed .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  function   function

test:  mark a task as compatible when the test has been set .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  add a new tool in the first grid .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconstruct id onto its id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  binary pooling mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the website is absent name the name of the user to remove users even on the system to delete all of the child .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns the specific specific specific specific number in the specified region number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if a file in a tar archive .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  truncate the default string to a default hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  remove   name
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  return the pick channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  migrate   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  represent the levi-civita symbol .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  represent   method
truth:  do   null

test:  disconnect calls the function calls .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  bus specified summary of the specified controller and spec which has the specified summary .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  adds   in
truth:  function   function

test:  get the host to use for the specified host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  get   return
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> amazon and write the amazon object .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  dump summary .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  dump   render
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of the current text .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies that (client .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  generates the benchmark function of a list of items .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  generates   adjust
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager for temporarily change preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   call
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string from a source object .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   source
truth:  return   return

test:  generate successive cat for l of size n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  generates   null

test:  displays a message and status code .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  msg   return
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only runs on the timezone config .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  runs   memory
truth:  return   statistics

test:  like n-th module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  declares   running
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  get   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  get a new yaml class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove contacts from the episodes in the specified device .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  generates url for the given url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  url   return
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use processes and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  null   options
truth:  use   threads

test:  forces an email to all the recipients .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  project   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the expected path calls all the modules in parallel .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  this is the appropriate neighborhood where we can query the given best to .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  if   checks

test:  just a dot product of the scripts .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  extract an iterable from a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  print the parameters of a model with the given parameters .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the currently on or off :return: the currently on modem" :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  create information for serializing repository from a git index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  runs contacts as followers of the device .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  source   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  computes the forward sum of the forward equation .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a repository or directory .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  determine whether a path matches the given url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for sparse matrices in a fits tensor .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  null   run
truth:  output   output

test:  check if a context is currently installed .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  display   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper to install a command line param .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  null   backup
truth:  to   setup

test:  import a package in the filesystem using the specified package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  set   success
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate a new learning spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  model   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  a signal that uses signal to call another signal .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  use an ip connection to a network device .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  use   information
truth:  show   show

test:  load an absolute plugin to a file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block device to a new instance .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  to   block
truth:  block   block

test:  updates the list of exploration ids with new ids .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  output for systems 10 .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  null   create
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  perform   null

test:  in python 8280 <url python 2 .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  null   in
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing nodes .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   print
truth:  to   callback

test:  determine whether a uuids list of tuples p is a valid list of tuples .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the name .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  forget   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  the current entities in the windows service name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  retrieve a class instance for a class .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  retrieve   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  using the user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  function for confidence .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   data
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns an instance of the attributes currently being used by name .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  yield tuples on each statement inside a statement like the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make an expression of f and fail .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  make   convenience
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements elements
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  sanity a branching rule into one of the entire rules .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a new object instance of an object .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the '%s@%s' template string for a user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  turns   null

test:  writes a queue object using the given audio comment to a generator .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  save   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  see if the user is a specific language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  writes some python configuration files .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  writes   update
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision -> testcontainerbrokerbeforespi likelihood .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  for the z3 test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate dangerous library of json library .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   in
truth:  generate   generate

test:  set admin setting for the tcp input .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  set   a
truth:  send   send

test:  fake a mock node to always allow easy to override the given config .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  fake   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ask for the archive repository to the applications state .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set the system rules of the account .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  run   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  a method for elasticsearch .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile some python source file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping success line and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get the sentiment from the json locations .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  convert   entities

test:  return the threadlocal line calling to the specified text .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the platform .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator to wrap a function calls default arguments .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  launch the geonode debug .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  grab   code
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates the table spec for dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  provides a list of quote_escape components in a list of which the slice arguments are consistent .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  to   query
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert an integer id to its hexadecimal integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a file using the given page which match the data from file object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function that asserts that the results are safely and set up until the test is valid .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  add a single mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  signals   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current django cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a random n-bit n-bit .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive script functions .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  inserts   multiple
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  remove a script that match a ps .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  am   am

test:  print a message to stderr or the given message .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses a port .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  reads   wrapper
truth:  end   end

test:  return a sequence of sequences in a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the message was none and exit .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  return an environment instance with information .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  return   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  search the unix value in a value .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of the current ticklocs and labels .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  update 2 regions of 2 >= instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  update   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get a file in the salt master .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the event is supported we can build .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  return   lock
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator for creating and execute all configuration changes .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  force   force

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the entry text .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check that eigenvalues is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return an input variable that is the paper: function .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create an appropriate arguments for purposes of a step_definitions based on its in the gui library .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  create   input
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if the given region have a valid region of a given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  return   return
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a human-readable string representing a catalog argument .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get query info for a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove an connections from the document .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   xml
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation of a class the string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load only on apt-based .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a view that disables how to generate a page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a crypto arg of a argument .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return log(det(m)) match if data is a group parameters x : theano variable .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  encode   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  equivalent of os .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  element-wise tanh .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath distance between a set of colors .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  computes   problem
truth:  find   corners

test:  get the function to make things of an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  open an object from a module .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an event record .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   event
truth:  update   update

test:  a custom generator that will be used to download all of the collection products .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  performs a new function at the given function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing information type type-access- section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  advance   update
truth:  routing   area

test:  reads file and returns a crc32 string .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  content   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a backing file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  return   name
truth:  null   method

test:  read the data from a working directory .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different xml .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two dictionaries where second_dict values take some sort and a single mapping of dictionaries from a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator for #2" information .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from an activity signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  accumulated   signal
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  returns a 2-d iterable with the apply key numbers parameters axis : the index of array or none .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  construct   null

test:  used as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  used   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get list of hypervisor for a user .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   close
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  returns the version of the version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  revision revision for db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  recalculate   get
truth:  get   current

test:  returns a list of tuples from mangle squared groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the positions to the gitweb .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new child type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a spam cleanup to the submissions page .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   page

test:  gets usernames corresponding to a given document .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given expected contents .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  when we are running tests .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file and return a parent file path .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of actors for the given user .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  get   get
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a list of degrees representing the passing language in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add speed and setting tracker bandwidth pair .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   tunnels
truth:  run   run

test:  take a random region/endpoint variable which can be used to generate a random distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  take   none
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a full url .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a serialized integer to a  .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  converts   type
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker agent server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  output   message
truth:  log   log

test:  return a largest degree of the original degree for g in g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a config clone clone clone the entire pages .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a datastore randomdisplacement dictionary of the datastore data .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   call
truth:  access   access

test:  we are using our server requires the authentication database .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  test if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  replace numeric values of a unix timestamp .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects an auth authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split the directory c{f} in a list of include .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  split   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the nodes of the given instance .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  see   null

test:  request project translation object .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image from we momentarily the items media .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   service
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a list to a boolean uri .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   argument

test:  get domain objects .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mounts of the linux system .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  creates and returns a scalar for the sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  inference external_image_list_url changes .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  files   converts
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the optimal object into a bundle object .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   utf8
truth:  read   a

test:  convenience function to get directory that is using the directory of creation .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extract basic auth info from request or none .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   user
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods for bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  null   attrs

test:  mark a encrypted environment variable if it is at the end of the idle .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  prevent   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if value is a string with its characters .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a manager that django with a given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  set   up

test:  a very searchs .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  set   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  create a grid node from the provided grid :type prefix: str .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  transform   detail
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of source files .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  obtain   a

test:  provides an ordereddict of dict as a given ordered list .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as an value: .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert between potential integer values .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  converts   type
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add the bootloader and its parameters to the bootloader process .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   ssh
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up 'ff -> none set cache=true if you want display .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   redirects
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as controlb .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  null   check
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the ?library_id=<default object from the given object args: obj_name : the jenkins xml element to be really create_test_db returns: obj true if the object .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  require a specific configuration value for the given configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  internal helper method for open key in a string .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rstrip(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with all possible characters .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper function to get the filespec call for consumption .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup configurations .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset a user we will reset to the participants module .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  select   quota
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress failure but write data in iterator and put it to failure .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  use the dist_name and enumerate things .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  time   show
truth:  record   record

test:  sample possible wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  adds to countevent if value .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   snippet

test:  load something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   something
truth:  import   a

test:  make the metadata on a directory .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  make   update
truth:  callback   callback

test:  change the current configuration of the given method .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  change   file
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify unicode if theres not yet 2 .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  unicode   decode
truth:  decode   a

test:  commit commit callback .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  commit   files
truth:  if   null

test:  return the partial file prefix for this file in the list provided file name .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  object   object

test:  find a sparse input file with the textual probability sequence .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  apply   render
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create list of unicode keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  interfaces   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  null   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if the given response is installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of all configured blobs .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter source image cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   current

test:  return the suggest disk id of linode space to swap the proper disk .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an attributes of the given object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  get a list of yaml files from yaml .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show the /usbkey/config .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   detail
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders available on the folder id and its folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a responsibility .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  create   response

test:  cast a scalar or a scalar to a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   converts
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update object metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion of a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to be corresponding to the kwarg name: .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return c{true} if no host is being executed .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  initialize   port
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  a decorator that allows you to run a function at your working directory .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a new dummy class that propagates the course .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of network arp interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the permission to the provided permission and check the optional permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   null

test:  write out the data span from the file in the nonefileobj way .
truth: write out data . 
test:  process   null
truth:  write   null

test:  factory to fit the custom args from args .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   network
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces ratio: .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   process

test:  read valid messages from several stuff .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  open   group
truth:  null   groups

test:  create a completion model instance for tests in the entire state .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: scan-build publish trend reports with shining tasks .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   null

test:  key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : lparen expr rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  determine the provided value of a filter in a thread .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  round   round

test:  only replace the class with only missing values and if the class is added .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  extracts   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all arrays from each function .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  this function creates an code[pos] formatted word of drawn strings by using mapping it .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  null   null
truth:  code   code

test:  this function converts a user string into an integer .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  function   decode
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  gets   back
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a new model with the provided operation .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  updates   index
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the interquartile expression using eeg evoked transform .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   pull
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  perform a gradient function .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a list of nodes in the node s .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  this function has a special url for the confirm request types to keep the real database .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   status
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get and return all openid request request request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  get   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a new connection .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   add
truth:  return   data

test:  finds a hash or numpy array with the given memory hash algorithm .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  see   outliers
truth:  find   find

test:  show user for all requests .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  default   print
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the string containing the entire notification for the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check for module b - check that there are an inherited or that contains only used in the only contains only .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  disables   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  casts an image to the new color returns an array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  add   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  return the list of strings .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  call this function as the specified resource .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if the url is a valid ssh regexes .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test vispy font clause .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   list
truth:  loading   loading

test:  converts a template uri to an optional template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  if the given uri is a list of .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  if   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  return unicode labels from numpy arrays .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  check   check

test:  return the skeleton of continued binary representation .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  return the actual docker info on the system .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  decide   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  the test should only the beginning of a file .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  null   text
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  mock art api string starting with the url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   context
truth:  return   art

test:  test that users and account permissions are not cause its not defined .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   fr
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine distance between square sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a list of all apps that are in the given app_label .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  export a network type returns a byte string .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  apply   ssl
truth:  return   return

test:  custom decorator for creating variable variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test if the user has allowed to send a given action .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  connect if a url is disable .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers a worker .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the authentication compatible encoding formatted encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the language modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return custom influxdb08 response to a given year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   fname
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms exits .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial 1 .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  generated   xml
truth:  xml   xml

test:  retrieves the specified time .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lookup an appropriate message from the given actor .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  lookup   text
truth:  create   a

test:  upload a firewall rules .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  rules   changes
truth:  create   network

test:  save the image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  populate   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  returns the networks of all the networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  existing   list

test:  get all available url_for objects .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate the b-spline integral of a b-spline integral .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  create a dask list() dictionary from a list of advanced globally .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  create   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove all formatting of a string in a given homogeneous manner .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the album plugins of an object .
truth: as above . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this indicates if media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  find a list of fully qualified paths and return a dict of active key names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the windows pids of the linux os .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  null   account
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services which are installed but not enabled .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   services

test:  tests iterator .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   wether

test:  returns a list of :class: .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  concatenate the unit prefix for a unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  ensure   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  handle 405 request object for a request .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  exception   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   a

test:  ret[setting] the specified server .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  setting   setting

test:  a helper function for two sparse auth .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  list   function
truth:  null   null

test:  test sign spaces .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  needs   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the most recent entries for the vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a new version from all items on the server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the content of the specified service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the full line of a line .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  return   frappe
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns a oreturn object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate an array of byte like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return up rst code from format to simple code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads and returns a list of default loaders .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  remove double and collapse characters from the given space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  stolen   convert
truth:  normalize   a

test:  find a package in the array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  find   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the event when event is set .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  set   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  applies method in remote args in given check .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  xml   command
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line at the first occurence of the given line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use article .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  use   updates
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parse a number of bytes from the range .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  run a simple app server .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a shortcut for sending broken its message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  exception   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   upgrade
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a custom entities for a given transifex .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  get   get

test:  get the document from given user .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   controller

test:  format a sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the dot product of a vector field computed parameters frame : a vector or list of variables a specified frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  construct   class
truth:  decorates   a

test:  call the console work .
truth: open stream . 
test:  initialize   command
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a dict of resource names to u'%' .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  context manager that previously added to number of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  context   null
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize list of names based on a single line .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  list   pull
truth:  normalize   a

test:  sort the proposals from a revisions formatted for the specified path .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generates   grid
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test 'foo/bar/baz/blah' option with a class .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  test   null
truth:  url   url

test:  trim individual str .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return the lvm of automatic linux command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   query
truth:  run   a

test:  attach a static conn to a static node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the file has a symlink .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  ensure a function for all functions assign a setprofile to the dynamically be called from the server module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  set   a

test:  return true if django item contains an attribute of a given config .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  exit   log
truth:  log   log

test:  json a new json compatible json service .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this or return the deb_postgres headers .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fix   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the current machine .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that coord raises an exception raised for ascending alignment .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  delete config dictionary from json .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  save   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the set of the nodes of the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  centers url generator for the iterator where the first element is .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  if   pair
truth:  return   return

test:  detach the elb subnets to amazon subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  ensure   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  return a lowering string appropriate data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  return   null
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  return   a

test:  take an rgb color and convert it to a hex color index .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  wrap the request context taken with restricted permissions .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns hexadmecimal md5 hash of sessions .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  returns   subroutine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dummy implementation of datatable .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an opcode to a python l{int} .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  parameters data : str name and returns its value .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   key
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the vboxmanage platform .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send set_position_target_local_ned duration based on specified duration of velocity vectors at the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  send   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that pip works .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   end
truth:  test   test

test:  random orthogonal .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a list of column index for the given table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that css are the only one with the same creation_time is found .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  set all the entries and start all the classes to the big .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  set   set
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the leading monomial of f and g .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  inverse of pdp .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return availability range for given virtual machine .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get a buffer from a buffer .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of dns metadata for the given subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  set the default value of the setting to use the setting setting .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   a
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  run app .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  get   null
truth:  does   null

test:  sign an infinite client .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  null   update
truth:  set   set

test:  return list of contents from model_class .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces in a fiff file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  remove leading whitespace from multiple lines in sig_u .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   reverse
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest all exercises on .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email when a new email about new email add .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parameters s : string the ascii string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  null   string
truth:  return   return

test:  build bracket plugin .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove unnecessary spaces from the given text .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  parse a device name .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of openbsd output after the docstring matched the docstring .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  change the known key to port global key .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  define   null

test:  generates a list consisting of a given branch path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : if if ruleitem expr is ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  return the authorized users of the forward user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verify that a class passes of strings and tells no value .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verify   decode
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all possible commands for the specified formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  sanitize a match value to make it usable as a dictionary .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  sanitize   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is the given predicate .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model and optionally try to discretize intended .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes redundant and including <> .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   indent
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  run echo command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   implementation
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the config file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  markdown   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  a decorator to skip tests that require policies .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   task
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a deleted file object .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  call   call

test:  given a function type .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  create a category message parsed from the list of datatable .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of paths read from the egg .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  returns   distribution
truth:  find   find

test:  run commands as support command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an postgresql command automatically generated from a postgresql resource .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scans   null

test:  init init works .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  init   run
truth:  test   initialization

test:  return sql specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  set   parsing
truth:  return   return

test:  program program .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  collect   modules
truth:  run   python

test:  css two lists with state functions uses expr to be the expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  search   cookie
truth:  null   a

test:  return the amount of locale and time for locale and time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns default value for the given extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  default   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a url-safe flow of a given values .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a generator of cliques contains a minimum queue .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a cabal package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  a decorator to add a new handlers to an completed method .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send pending dpid numbers in a wsgi application .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  internal helper method to return a valid path to access the r}]' content .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of length n from timezone-aware n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  render   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return and return the attributes of a package or dotted foo .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string of the tree running in the text .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   get
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness of gamma .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the line graph of the given tournament graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a python timestamp object into a python datetime .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to convert enum name to valid python string .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  function   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   log
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a class and registers a handler for use in templates .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random string .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  validate that image_service absolute error are in the positive range .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   action
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sum of the input along sparse elements .
truth: computes np . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class with host and port account .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find most of the values in a particular port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   search
truth:  count   count

test:  return the purchase name of the current endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that category is not installed .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  adds attributes to a valid tokenized characters .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  add the connection to the dataset .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  if the value of a layer has a field .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  return tp .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  domain   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url test for a single interface .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create hosts in hosts from a given set of optimized modules and blocklist .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  return   a

test:  derivative spherical function of the second kind .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure that a value is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional operations with
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test ask with ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  ask   test

test:  random orthogonal .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  features   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a comparable account for admintools .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  sets internal project specified by the given name .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  code that has particular node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  represent   tag
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  writes timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  paste   output
truth:  extract   null

test:  if there is a document with given permission .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  if   update
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the absolute path is loaded .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the git version of git process .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function to grab password against a given password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   voting
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  updates dict as dict in task by passing in json .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  updates   state
truth:  returns   task

test:  add the vagrant and accept a perpendicular .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   up
truth:  create   create

test:  a decorator that records the decorated function .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up streams to the "approve .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return the value .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial wavefunction r_{nl} to lat/lon .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears the highest-priority .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  create   app

test:  resets the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  look at given user .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  given a primary notification type .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  given   update
truth:  get   get

test:  get items from an item .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  process   json

test:  returns a testsuite loaded with all unit suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  run   run

test:  set tool location to inject in it into the gui directory .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   clone
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the pages from the flavor concerning an admin config so the message can be passed to the desired tuple .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate to respond to fbthrift_library and add eliot-based to request .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of the string from the chart of the given list of ~astropy .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete all of the system users from the system .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  function   list
truth:  delete   user

test:  the displayed date .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a list of tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  return the generalized encoding of a polynomial .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi of data .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  return the total kernel of a gaussian kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  make sure the given database is available .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the average ce of the values in the model .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor from flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  removes   call
truth:  given   remove

test:  handle to taxes a simple notification to underscores .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  handle   send
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  derive   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all events from events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   lines

test:  return the config entry with visually parameters .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  build   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  create a log output as gzip test .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  create   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  compares queries in the filesystem .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  compares   custom
truth:  errors   errors

test:  return the package files of the given package id from a python package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the raw file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a accounts with accounts listed as defined by the accounts .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  get   records
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601 key to a datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the version of a specific release .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a single request header and returns a pair .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   add
truth:  parses   a

test:  0print user interface .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   example
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator expected to convert the datetime objects to datetime .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  looks   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all event area details for a given event name .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  return the singular of a matrix by performing two values .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  run   windows
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  converts a hex string to an rgb color space .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  converts   adjust
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a theano shared variable with given shape and broadcast .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy data from one or more iterables of the values of the given model labels .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  set   null
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the current setting in a python environment cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns request to the given id .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  entry point for temporary .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  null   management
truth:  to   runner

test:  yield nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the version of the combined string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given datetime object is before seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to check if the model and the specified name is found .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json projects representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  read events .
truth: get events . 
test:  read   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for adding a valid type description to the given name .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  returns the given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find out the full absolute ordering of postgresql .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reading values from python data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   find
truth:  make   null

test:  callback that returns true if the list of indices are html .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  host   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a token to a python value .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  generate a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision value based on the desired currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  the max cost cost of two arrays .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  hash   x
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the approximation of the correlation matrix described in x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  weighted   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  parse and return a get_ha1 instance .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  run   run

test:  configures the configuration file and returns a configparser object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configures   shows
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check whether x is a valid probability instance .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   name
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  set a method as an configuration requests .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  set   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to add a fresh error to an existing document .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  null   context
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  take a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  ensure   module
truth:  loads   null

test:  update commands for bench start with bench .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  set   http

test:  sets the lock specified by a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split an ip address and return the address .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  the vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  makes   view
truth:  expands   null

test:  return roots attribute specifications .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the temporary directory for a git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields before fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a network using the specified input model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return the union of the given union .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  create public ip descriptor .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   node
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a reactor based on a config file or depend url .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast value to the given value .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  value   value

test:  remove the default text from the beginning of a text .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  remove   anything
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  writes <value> to filename .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  given a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  given   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the value of a variable in the output .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  approximation the closest components into two rgb .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  produces   range
truth:  find   find

test:  converts rgb to hex color values .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  given a png image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   create
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is requested with the modal-workflow method .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_registry
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the command and return its output as a python controlled .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full dtype with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory for functions which get page node information .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  create   a

test:  return the permutes model instance .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  return   project
truth:  null   null

test:  call to call migrations in args .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  call   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a list of slices onto the symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the git module for a particular framework error .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  initializes   qt
truth:  update   update

test:  generates and returns a set of paths for x .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a queue on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main tests .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  tests   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take a dictionary containing the version information and returns true if sub-attribute is a valid version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  format   format

test:  run a command .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   method
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return python response for c{f} that raises an exception .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  return   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the indexed loops from around the given loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  landing page for page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  registered   server
truth:  render   render

test:  custom page of missed .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a list of []label and collects them in the []label slices .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  uses python module to verify a class instance .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a chisquare test for pairs of indices of pairs of pairs over the given indices .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  performs   number
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return a git git header dict from the git header .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table based on its type .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order linear differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   a

test:  create a class instance from a class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   function

test:  generate a random permutation from the layers at the given interpolation .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  format a value in a list into unicode .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  format   a
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  tries to wait until the a given id or id .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  to   a
truth:  click   click

test:  locate the syntax code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  this function can be used only from the config to look at a given params']['encoders']['consumption']['maxval'] .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  function   function

test:  maximum of the maximum .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   a

test:  does basic fairness parse lists of paper on cost .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  does   null
truth:  using   null

test:  lists a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  runs source .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  source   validation
truth:  given   a

test:  adds a summary to the provided url .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  insert   insert

test:  helper to convert one entry to a python dictionary .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a class formatted for the given set of renewal objects .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  check if parallel is a prime number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  apply a numpy rotation rotation for a numpy image with a custom rotation rotation rotation rotation rotation matrix .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  adjust   shift
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make a new theano segments .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the constant vertex containing the values of the containing platform .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disable a warning from the specified feature .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  disable   info
truth:  declares   null

test:  parse the message clustering .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  sanger   a
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  find the environment dict and raises a service if it was added to the certificate database .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   try
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of attributes of a serializer attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a string with spaces .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  this is a list of names for a node .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   dfs
truth:  if   check

test:  get environment variable name .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the dimensions .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the path to the testing server hash .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a single field represented by filenames .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  header   function
truth:  is   null

test:  an matcher step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   change

test:  this fct returns a dictionary of actions that a given s3 diff .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  runs the following attributes: in the modules .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test a valueerror of time kwarg error message .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  make   null

test:  example: everything should be used in the ui .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual type for the specified type .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test that ascending works even when nt works .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes html from a group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  search   string
truth:  extracts   null

test:  helper function used to output out pin .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the textual version of the specified network .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  default service to accept a service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  choose   app
truth:  get   get

test:  get a default palette instance from desat .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  get   a
truth:  set   set

test:  given an object of a class or vertical order .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return for a given frame is available in this module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  required   s3
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return true if point is a visible .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  needs   in
truth:  if   null

test:  remove an iterable from an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test dataframe to ensure dataframe function .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  empty   power
truth:  if   test

test:  return whether the given dict is a trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum created from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  asterisks and rho promotions parameters k : ndarray .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  generates   index
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get groups and parse it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   gecos
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of :code:<section> module and this keyboard code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard documentation
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  skills controller - needed to skills controller - needed for default/person use only .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return path to a remote working directory .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   get
truth:  short   get

test:  fix attribute not saves to module-level .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  fix   adjust
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  return memory memory as a contiguous array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   expr
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given function .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run closure-compiler when its running tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   description
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a l{unicode} value for a model .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  split the arguments to the underlying arguments passed in the series/index argument .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  deduplication   users
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  validates a change of plugin .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a list of element from the path .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate writer graph for g parameters g : graph a networkx graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  parameters lines .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  generate a random user string .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the entropy of multiple loaded urllib .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  apply broken in the items to a function .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  apply   check
truth:  process   process

test:  perform an http event on it if it does not already exist .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  perform   run
truth:  call   call

test:  run a paste compatible object from a repository .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  reports   radon
truth:  runs   runs

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate list of do not throw an absolute path .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  list   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for which the users is reporting or assigned .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the contents of a request .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  group form[i] into a list of bsgs bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  null   list
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given dest .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   compat
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extract character info from string as strings path; into another list of human-readable strings .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  parses   a

test:  joins the list of objects with obj from obj .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  joins   force
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse the path to the gcs uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the power of the conversion from a .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used to send the command .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  wrap   command
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of rows from a list of values .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing text for pretty-printing text from text .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator that returns a dict of attributes with the specified attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  applies list of even samples in the right format: .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  list   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a simple value to a long .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  renders   method
truth:  encode   a

test:  formats a resamples as the time .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   libxml2
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a module directory .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  split the unicode characters .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if *x* is a "deep against z .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  converts an rgb color to a ylist color space .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to u'gray' and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the abi file handle from a nexml weight .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a message zones representing a message belongs to serialize a list of time zones .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read errors from frame .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find packages matching a directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup to all metadata backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator for methods that fail over an exception when an exception occurred .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the reversed ip address of a network .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  return the sample of a vector .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  return   index
truth:  if   test

test:  indicates if a function is a cached query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  if   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return special properties of the provided property by moving the function to handle .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  match   quota
truth:  computes   null

test:  flatten and converts to dict of the content-type .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  to   key
truth:  parses   parses

test:  a scenario of tags should respond with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  helper function to get a status for a given token .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the falsey page with the given kb .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   converts
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the given field is field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  pass in usage: and build a template from recipe .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add arguments to the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast file with exactly one entry .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert multi fields to a function .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  null   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by prefix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations from all facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   project
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode unicode_data for use as an ascii string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method for includes includes the shared extension .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get an openid server cli example: .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  get   null
truth:  string   string

test:  convert an integer to a fvwi string of dns bits .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test collection showing order which are ignored .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   result
truth:  result   result

test:  get the struct_declaration ids of the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test csc/csr estimate of stockwell and optionally check .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  apply   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--level' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  checks if g is currently {sender .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   file
truth:  mark   mark

test:  get a factory decorator that calls a function as a pull request .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get kms_key_ids kms_key_ids .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  serve   start
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the filesystem name based on the result of the function names .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  merge master of repo_url files of master context .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  return the line context frame for a line number .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  return   text
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a managed string to the metrics of a given object .
truth: add tag . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the windows argument name .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users password cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a scalar hash for a given sqlalchemy configuration .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vbd record and returns its outer the vbd when .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the given function that returns a geometry .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a template description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary with the dictionaries entry as defined by the resources .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   update
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts that the condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check if current playlist and a new playlist is currently being updated with a certain playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the directory of the __init__ directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return quoted string representation of a flags string .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  file   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test that the list of files are present in the provided directory .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a job scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  function that returns a slice of start with respect to start .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   a

test:  get the estate manor stats for the specified stack .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  get   print
truth:  print   print

test:  an items that are useful for testing .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   number

test:  return the information for the mount point cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  calculate a number to the number of a centers or number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generates symmetric to order n of the first element of the base uri .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   legendre
truth:  base   base

test:  reload the custom environment for a applications .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  null   install
truth:  build   build

test:  return the default data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  replace special chars in subject with sql to whitespace .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a list of all unnecessary attributes into a new list of lowercase .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  null   null

test:  run the obj and return obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  function   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   sql
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of bases of the given bases .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables from elasticsearch .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  returns filename to the directory containing which will be located .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check if the list of enabled filters are valid .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify a a series the exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify exemplify the exemplify exemplify the exemplify exemplify the exemplify the exemplify exemplify the copy situations: exemplify
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   configures
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to node-local multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log flushes flushes .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   replacement
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  helper function to convert the distance matrix by various packages .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  function   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  matrix multiplication .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   b
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries that we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  list   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of sql statements used to reset all sequences for django tables .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the docs output of a unix-like system .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   current
truth:  null   os

test:  echo calls to stdout .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  change   change

test:  turn data into one numpy array of data .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  turn   decodes
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete the image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  used   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute true if f and the original polynomial is a set of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  concatenate   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  return the url for the distributed view for the given scope .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  return   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given integer to the given number .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a state of an headers list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the full module path to the given module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  to   return
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   return
truth:  github   github

test:  returns name for all nodes in subjects_dir .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  returns   parentfield
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  test decorator to cause a test case if a test case .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  to   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sort a sorted list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns true if there are any of the files in the target .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a time .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a factory that is passed to a text .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  be   null

test:  convert two points to text .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  decorator for a class to be a decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  parse a large string in a large environment .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  return true if the given internal is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  look up the metadata ami to avoid object .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  look   release
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure utf8 objects are always return a string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   filter
truth:  if   null

test:  test that when we get an array without entering the large length and no results .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  ensure   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to pull the nmap pull goals and pull a json set .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  return   arguments

test:  controller to get extension of a request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator raising views if view isnt a view in any extension .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the number of seconds .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a csr of a particular certificate .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  does   null

test:  format the state in the provided task or unicode string .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  format   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the child node of the node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  a hash from each dimensions in the series/index .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  check the measure .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates the push for a given backend if nothing is currently logged in .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rlstrlst .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   compare
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return pseudoinverse .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a small expression with an object .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate data .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  bind   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  send the post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  replace   file
truth:  perform   a

test:  sample documentation for the document2 test .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  provide   arrays
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads all configuration files from filepath .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  needed   return
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the last string of a pathname .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  return   string
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments given arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to a response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  cache   cache

test:  take a numpy array of the following: size where the last element is the same underscore .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns scp eye for a numpy eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves cinder serializable for format_control section .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   a

test:  execute sql against the database .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  execute   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that value is an email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over the trees in the given iterable of biopython .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   wrapper
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this module supports minions .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  load   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  a applying an object .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   loop
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  return the key id that doesnt have common item .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a trace of a vcenter to the esxi host of a vcenter server .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  function   function

test:  show a node id from ec2 .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  tells   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  show a flash message to the specified value .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  patch the tree for the given figure .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  disable   patches
truth:  like   like

test:  return an selinux function as a list of strings of the substring with html tags .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  converts json to json so that it can be embedded in json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  null   json
truth:  output   output

test:  create missing ports from a model instance this dynamically supports all instances .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test meta cache for deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  query   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  takes a dictionary in diagonals .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for a config .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   section

test:  return a tuple containing newline separated characters .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  parse   letter
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns for a line format and returns a tuple .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  print   print

test:  load tree files .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the closest features or sort nodes from a given node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  remove   factory
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the number of individual chapters from the given l{instance} descriptor .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a monit configuration file and prompts monit to stop cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  creates   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  returns the current cache defined by setter .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean out the scenario state after the scenario .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  clean   bench
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url of the url as defined by urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  opens and returns a list of text values from the version version .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  opens   update
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete a specific image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  specified   delete

test:  if the container is enabled .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all items in all the webapp .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a response from a http response code .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   python
truth:  parse   status

test:  remove the generic api url .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items of dict and values .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks the checks for the given check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  build static transfer transfer transfer function with webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  build   build
truth:  install   install

test:  test if full table is suitable for full inner_factory table .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  null   text
truth:  if   test

test:  mock the model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a path is a valid directory .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  merge a backup into a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a discrete public key in the give table .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  returns base64 encoded markup string .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through the two things .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  delete the tests in project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  display   return
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class for child lines .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  ensure that the specified object is enabled .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path to a file for doc .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the intercept segment it would be between this segment and the smallest rate : .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cleans string that matches pattern eq conditions .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  cleans   checks
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return a unique path .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  serialize a message to the specified hypervisor line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  writes   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  for given log fasta .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  start   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the list of best best to return a list of term with search args: kwargs: kwargs: list of term to return returns: a list of term .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a function that applies a list of functions into .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   functions
truth:  support   multiple

test:  clear the yank after the cursor .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  clear   yank
truth:  run   run

test:  clears all valid set to data to html .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  clears   sequence
truth:  write   a

test:  this test verifies that for a single user is created .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  access   tests
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  computes hash with variables to seed .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  time   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  calling the normalized tag version of a spec tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get points of coords filled .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  return   corners

test:  gets a float value from a percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  process   process

test:  creates a module specified by name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the pathname component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert unicode values into .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  int   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the oauth2 link in the bokeh links .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the shapediags laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the suffix from the given suffix or none .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find a condition by id .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of errors into the frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the directory type .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the most recent region in the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a cache cache to language .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  request   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a text to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  make   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update them .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   update
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   work
truth:  works   works

test:  run a subprocess command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a list of paths and any items in obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  null   standard

test:  test creating an existing python requirement .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  issue   force
truth:  make   null

test:  make all libraries from the path for the specified libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  make   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a schema formatted for an image cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   details

test:  wrap the result into a decorator .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  check   add
truth:  given   a

test:  create a temporary file path .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  apply the string to the desired memory .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds paths specified .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the named email address .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  given a stream of memory from one-filled .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  stream   result
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a helper method to render a file the duration of the attachments app .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the basic basic path for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  return   representation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launch the url and open git if the current git documentation .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  launch   get
truth:  opens   null

test:  converts files and its html domain to a flat list of dictionaries containing the details of each answer .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  check   check

test:  compute the squarefree product between two arrays .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the list of the synchronous and their user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  get   view
truth:  queries   queries

test:  converts path to a dotted path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  to   path
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the current user as integer .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  helper function that computes the confidence forest of false .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generates all random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  cleanup orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   list
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  encodes   unicode
truth:  function   function

test:  the populated cannot cause a necessary .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a list of data to a batch of text .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generates   unit
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json cwd .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  make   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a napalm debug/test frames into a corresponding python datetime .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate state of the state with the state and 1 particularly 1 .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   zpool
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  index of yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  null   text
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a plot object .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   y
truth:  moving   compute

test:  takes a dictionary of platform classes and returns a dictionary with the fields of global values .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a package that contains no autodiff otherwise .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps contents of a snapshot in snapshot format to a given snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   get
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  generates a random item for the given course .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  flatten a sparse matrix .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  adding a new connection to the server .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  installs   request
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  null   milestone

test:  determine if the required virtual environment is available for the user .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  if   return
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  if maps iterables values are valid .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  if   converts
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a select query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  suspend all supported bindings for the specified marked .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  check if an xml type is not a valid xml type .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  if   string
truth:  given   null

test:  return the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  determine   commit
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function which page: the pickled stream .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  function   set
truth:  allows   null

test:  extracts an entity key string from a package name .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore python prerequisites .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  function   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  reference the currently set encrypted to the available version .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   a

test:  sample up the context of the context .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  returns   character
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export redis --help .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file in the given file in the given file in the given file in the given file in the given file in
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read styles from a series of squared source .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  gets the db batch for the given appscale type .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that string is a valid two-letter .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  if   data
truth:  check   check

test:  arent validation function to none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  validate   validate

test:  check attribute for the collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  select   null

test:  get a list of combined ports from the global or network .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  get   duplicates
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if pianobar is a pianobar .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   update
truth:  count   count

test:  this decorator is a view in the concatenating library .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the ip address of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the given file-like object is a votable or a votable object .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates an instance of the function from a protobuf .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header into a key-value pair .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current directory .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  return   username
truth:  returns   a

test:  list of timestamp between labeled and a pyldavis hash .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the auth auth message from apps .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield relative path and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  recursive   file
truth:  iterates   null

test:  construct the type of accepts-checked registration registration for the particular course registration .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  does   null
truth:  look   null

test:  convert a string of clauses into a set of export-friendly patterns .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  check whether this stats are on a set of comparing numbers .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   a

test:  test test from raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  null   estimation
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  process indentation spaces in block mode .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   return
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  reduce   f

test:  register a backup page .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  swap   in
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a numpy data to a file filename .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate operating system packages for operating system .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the input length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length of a convolution + array[length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise return the first element of the given function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  an appropriate notifier header value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a code class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if name is a considered xml lhs .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  copy all available plugins .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  open   helper
truth:  if   checks

test:  set the current page name for the specified addon .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  set   server
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test name/module short from a encrypted window .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  decrypt   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  step prompt that the given answer .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  step   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the course structure for managing managing links .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given object is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected internal language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  now test for same topic as same .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if a new top-level tests can be updated .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  null   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  return if the channel in the filled security: is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a class instance .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of {% if the text is more than one .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service in a file or directory and wait for the hidden "pageant" backwards compatibility .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the last .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a beacon .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get a new hashed region .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   function
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of wiki syntax document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  list   list

test:  set the matching matching a list of 0-255 matching the given dict .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  set   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns polynomial of a polynomial of a polynomial kind .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate wrapper around src .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  expr   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write a file in the json output .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  sets   data
truth:  return   data

test:  parse the do email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  parse   checks
truth:  email   email

test:  get all the thumbnail options set .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon discovery component .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value from hostnames .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute a portion of two strings .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  given   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete the request from a basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   wrapper
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return a theorem object for storing the package music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets current user strategy .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases releases with the musicbrainz releases as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   get
truth:  search   search

test:  return a correctly that is a positive integer .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the project id for project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   network
truth:  get   a

test:  generate iterations of slices for empty nodes .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a string representation of the specified search .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is utf-8 encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  safe safe safe safe safe safe safe .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get the environment variable with a new openid page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  render   page
truth:  requests   requests

test:  yield a corpus iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the connection with an rotation matrix .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   a

test:  export a copy of the patches .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   linear
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  send pyrax information to the request .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  for each user defined by but it was none and stored .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start standard standard standard standard standard output shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   python
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the dyadic platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  ensure a path exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the internal backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new copy of 1rand .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  returns the parameters of the parameters of a list of parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  an element selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  parameters an image along the given image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  null   input
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the named user is deleted name the host to remove user name user to access to the host of the user to remove user the comment to connect
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  find a theano matrix where f are sparse .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  returns a castra chart with a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode dataset from the next hypertext .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  function   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the posix path of the module that doesnt exist .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  expected expected error message with expected error .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  gets the name and end username from the user .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the position in the psychopy dictionary .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file created with the given parent .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  saves the text to pelican .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  filter   call
truth:  null   a

test:  perform a generalizationacrosstime that invokes the given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  perform   fr
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that forces django header in the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove tags from the given url .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  remove   link
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the win32 buffer in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the metadata from the given zone .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle extension in the given video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace $vars from given text without the resulting text into text .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  replace   files
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  parses the cache key to an sls hash .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  compute   directory

test:  add an alloc to a tarball of [start require one of the pertinent decodes .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  add   add
truth:  if   null

test:  check if file descriptor is a properly initialized with a specific inotify inotify .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  shut down the htoken environment .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shut   function
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  find all matching xml elements in the xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  helper method to format the standard line .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  null   get
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the named image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return an http url to the given url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper to create a tuple containing floats .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  function to completely unit function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the folders in the tests are created during the test .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  check   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around refresher .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates a list of date/time arguments for a dynamic task instances .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   example
truth:  generates   a

test:  an locale from locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  null   check
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of lists of prs .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterate over tuples .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  iterate   handle
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the path to the user what user can be used or from identity .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the specified service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  tests   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  sets the directory for the repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  null   map
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the altaz distance works .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  converts this is a props hex string as hex bytes .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the current property name for a plugin .
truth: like @property . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  respond with the students page and delete the students ajax page .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the line graph of the given degree with x and returns a chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether the given cookie sends logged in the final subsets of the cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  return   view
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  update   read
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate everything [<parent and upload urls to the given object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   method
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   return
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  get a server in an already unicode by id or children .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   server
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest certificate from config and writing certs .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  open   return
truth:  do   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the object is callable .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  lookup zip file to bytestrings in zip .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  return   variables
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the named vm is absent name the name of the state to the state functions .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse and return a dict of tm .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path to the mock generated by looking for indexer .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by the matrix and its vector3 .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return unicode with hexadecimal unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  to   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list all of the rest api .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified users is absent name the key of the given existing vm .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the valuation from a simple model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   transform
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a arguments and a string argument list .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test time left in timestamps .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  time   time
truth:  url   url

test:  turns a json object into a response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   in
truth:  turns   a

test:  build an ec2 metadata url for the given instance and metadata .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a function asynchronously .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate standard deviations operations .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  evaluate   results
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return regular expression of all directories for the given language .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  list   tests
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote a res[i]try acts number .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  align   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  take # markers at the given comment and strip all commented lines .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  apply   reverse
truth:  string   string

test:  run an esxcli command directly on the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   data
truth:  show   status

test:  takes a negative converter and returns the corresponding preserved .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  takes   profiling
truth:  launch   launch

test:  returns the argument script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the total distance from all datasets .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  return   intersection
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to create the pickled metadata from django metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   get
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a development cluster .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles results correctly .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   use
truth:  make   null

test:  check that a group id is interpreted .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute the asynchronous down coefficients .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  compute   sql
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of all exceptions for scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  convert unconstrained vector unconstrained to unconstrained parameters n : array unconstrained unconstrained coefficients .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the program name for the given program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  find   program

test:  method n-dimensional .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   update
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether locale is currently used for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  checks   language
truth:  to   try

test:  return class decorator for two methods of an arbitrary mro .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course_id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  finds   lists
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if a module has a auth extension .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the problem of pixels are properly handled in the python .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  check   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get information about the twisted about the django django version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  get   config
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to the future .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  rebuild a optimal project and :arg it to a new actionerror or course_id the given wiki tasks .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   binary
truth:  view   view

test:  model of the exponential part of x .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return system memory usage works .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  allocate   null

test:  wrapper method to get the tests of the namespace along with namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  determine what colors matches the given row .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns style mean of the image templates: v .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  recursive   project
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function so it gets decorated function .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  generate an tool shed tool to a postgresql system .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts a django api to response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  if any x and then convert it to either a numpy array or sparse format .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  edge   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  for a given source .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  update the length of a dict at the end of the code .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  null   indentation
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder function for tests period to be used to find the desired sample coefficients .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read compensation points from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  converts a string to a raw format .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  print a status message to stderr and exits .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   print
truth:  error   error

test:  for a list of nodes .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  function   function

test:  read lines from newest to set the definition of the config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate the main css centrality .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: usage chars .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  usage   encode
truth:  null   lx

test:  clean up the mapper inventory .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for elemwise .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the name is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   assume
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   request
truth:  makes   a

test:  checks if given path is a vself instance .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a byte to ordinal .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  create a boolean indicating whether or not a boolean depending on the boolean true .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  create   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the markdown text to html and return html rendered by default .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  null   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  this decorator automatically causes a function from debug .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return a float with an ordered int .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation keys from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the main model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  model   update
truth:  show   show

test:  a message to add a partial error to the provided error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a running user is set name search : string name search : boolean responsible to true to remove the container which to set examples: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  app the app .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the qr craft sequence of squares .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a window sum of an array vectors .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   connections
truth:  return   legendre

test:  test wheter a tensor .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  joins a string in the given format .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  template   a
truth:  return   html

test:  return the current defined colon representation .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return information about the locate cluster cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  get   strings
truth:  list   list

test:  determines whether a set of strings are valid .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  determines   norm
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory to which to install its .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   run
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterable of trackinfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a field value .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  given   check
truth:  function   function

test:  construct older versions from the first ten .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  latex   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  parse metadata into a dict .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a gradient of the dataset with find a regular expression or string .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  use the given commits to select all commits from a list .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  use   encodes
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file with a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  resolve all environment variables and install them into git package .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   git
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  store the current backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  plot   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  parses an html message in the string .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   list
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a list of tuples into a list of sockets .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  return   get
truth:  format   a

test:  set the backup name .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  get the latest version for a given web application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  get   update
truth:  null   helper

test:  parses an event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   accept
truth:  given   null

test:  adds two numbers for a decimal .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a task with all queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  update a notification about a notification about some event .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  adds slashes in a string to its quotes .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  join two foreign_keys on a sequence of components and return output .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   operation

test:  return the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a hypothesis strategy to generate a well-formed strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  decorate decorate requests .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  collect   consistency
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two agree .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method getcrypter method getcrypter method getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a phyloxml .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  display   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  change   add
truth:  return   return

test:  return the date of user which a course has not been loaded .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of the chronological urls .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure a function always returns a public requests .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code for six py3 .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm lsm number from the provided number .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   context
truth:  read   read

test:  encode attachment using base64 .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the blobstore .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes one or more source file and output from a votable object .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  write   a

test:  this is the current locale settings which a site has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is only used the feature wrapping the feature value of the given list of remainder .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  function   like
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  create the file path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  create   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be matches the directory .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the given node has changed on a new node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  if   null
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  writes special quotation to the writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   datachars
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  checks if the user is a valid anonymous user or hugs .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  null   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if the vlan exists and network it exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests whether a single date stored .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot of a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a basic tweaked representation of a given node .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run the hints version of the model to open in the model .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  run   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the power of the nodes in a predicted distribution .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   derivative
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return an ordinary action type based on the mapreduce design .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  finish   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test that ipython completion are present in ipython .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the current timezone time zone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a request object for the given request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   a

test:  ensures that the given instance type is deleted .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  get a repository from a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the minfo client .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  return   return

test:  aggregated a new document of a new revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return list of standard order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert markdown text to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the dataset name to store a dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that shape works .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sets the kinds results for a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function for metadata that require a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  function   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  the restful handler for extensions .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterates over the trees in a cdao file handle .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterates   wrapper
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove all slave nodes of the selected database cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  save   null

test:  the main function .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from ec2 concerning an instance .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   list
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that all no periods have not been absorbed .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  clean   channel
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  return the number of bits of n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  test   getbit
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a hash of the concatenation of the string and hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like os .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start start with a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  start   path
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten an entry from an iterable .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  hsg address format: .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   startservice
truth:  header   header

test:  delete chkconfig service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a uri which can be found from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the median definitions as a numpy array .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  status code that supports reverification dependencies .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of list of ids into a list of list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  turn   multiple
truth:  get   words

test:  validate that value is less than int .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  return true if the repository is running in the admin repository repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the current filter in tuple to individual .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   add
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  table for component headers .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return list of multiple servers to reach temporary file .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  open   a
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the jenkins on builds .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  for two numbers .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  clears all desktop icons .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  clears   list
truth:  sets   property

test:  makes sure that handles tasks .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  host   disconnect
truth:  connect   connect

test:  transform a blaze form into an ordinary form .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   lengths
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  returns a giving declaration for all the main function .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  time   function
truth:  use   use

test:  compare two match if the inclusion is equal to the left .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pager -> pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  error   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return an object from the file as the default .
truth: open history . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  open   history

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  load the configuration from the path .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  load   return
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of the current ticklocs and labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  provides   rbac
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  run a docker for all processes that are in the db .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  based   setup
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : minus expr | expr le | expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the users file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given virtual machine was found .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon id :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  get   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  copy source file into the directory .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  source   module
truth:  file   file

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate a string for a valid value .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  default   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the maker .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  set   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for displaying a particular view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  fake case of qpixmap .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   lists
truth:  build   build

test:  constructs and returns a protobuf with the creation buffer .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  constructs   type
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   information

test:  patch a single image on a set of axes .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  int   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  setup a grains from a pillar .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  return   return

test:  return a password name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  parse a single line and return a boolean indicating whether the regex .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list data records in the cell of the given row or a test .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return a current python mission object for the file named .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  format sign for a expo request .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restart a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  module   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a key .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  this function is registered as ofp_msg_type_to_str .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  function   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add mesh by square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   processes
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  transform   x

test:  replaces an image with the specified visibility .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  replaces   image
truth:  given   a

test:  simple home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   handler
truth:  renders   null

test:  copy the facebook mattermost from app into an high-level process .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  copy   install
truth:  start   a

test:  edit stream page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this makes a lies if necessary to move a parent system with the given port is emitted to its open .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  null   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  return the first dot product name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  split   node

test:  returns a useless xml tree for the given xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   volume

test:  return setting setting channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the "natural" of a matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  get   correction
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make sure the first argument is set correctly .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  asserts   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get last filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a list of the function in the given setting .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  serialize a file to a bar plot .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to be updated at the given volume .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of length chars .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the daily or accept header .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create items from database .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  create   items
truth:  null   null

test:  a replacement for instructor status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  compute   api
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed written in limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the app_label of models for a given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the list if defined by element of series or z .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all associations that are present in the associations .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  render the given markdown content to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   html
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   null

test:  like quote .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   replace
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a format string per current time .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to set definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of completed ids for a collection .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the database grant from the provider .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   update
truth:  creates   a

test:  test the right censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for expected values .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload and set up .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  generate   settings
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  check if the module or name was valid .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  module   null
truth:  get   credentials

test:  factory function to create a new service object for service one .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to multiple error .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   view
truth:  sends   a

test:  test the main loss of "node" with some dimensions .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find out making sure keys and located .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  grab   drac

test:  creates a path to the import command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated from the evaluated .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a notification task for course discovery model .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file contains a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  directory are upcast .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  backend   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a task into simple decomposition of each item in the autotagging candidate search for memoize .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   lock
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd directory .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  create an action function which returns a dict of the program .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  represent a dataset by unnecessary a datashape function by unnecessary .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the data from the musicbrainz api to use for the given service .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  get   application
truth:  return   data

test:  this returns a list of jobs for all relationships .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  x is a correction kernel and x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get data details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string can be valid within valid jupyterhub state .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   update
truth:  destroy   a

test:  sign data with functions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the type of null types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   method

test:  sets the calling .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  map   map

test:  helper to require a mysql table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  to   case
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a year encoding for a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a single file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform metagenomeseqs css normalization of a directory of raw matrices matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  setup   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  get the name of a list of java agent .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number - useful for the human readable string in the human readable .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  print the installed stack .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  required   items

test:  push an image from the image registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  retrieve   image
truth:  push   push

test:  template for taking all routing args .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  test   routing
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  retrieves the show series of a template series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  clears   function
truth:  get   get

test:  composes the arguments to be a list of enrolling arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  return true if value is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts the user for a specific password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move the swap swap two swap the swap position into account .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the file number of the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return migrations to the offline config item .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  return   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channel-picking .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   channel
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the raspberry smart .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  return an iterator of edges in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a string representing the current network identified by unless network is described in the evaluation .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances of an instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds first successful paths to depth the first successful paths available .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  adds   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  function .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get the search session .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  default   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert string to utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  make   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the current module in the specified module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  find   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode 'java' .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  if lines is a list of characters at the end of the given line .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  if data is specified by uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  to   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add the value inside the py2/py3 index .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  get the alarm alarm for a given service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  get   null
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  this function .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  function   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  read url from a qurl server .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  url   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a dictionary containing the configoptionparser name of the given name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  name   name

test:  facility' custom resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  returns the currently active theme based on the request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the current machine .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the client that would be interpreted as input .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  return a list of the image and the items from the provided private key .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent a single test .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  have   i

test:  returns a list of words whose th matches a trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the given string in a host .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a single quotes and return it as a dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically call a function if it may occur .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  turns   decorator
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  adds a decorator to the application script if necessary .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  print   print

test:  calculates students extra parameters for students .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  endpoint   updates
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type for logging asynchronous type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial options of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  loads common package listing listing listing .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send an data to hipchat token if it returns the data .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sending   message

test:  validates the gradient metadata after a mongoreplicasetclient exception .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  if   metadata
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot a legend with metric in the given metric .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  patches   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get the students that a course with the given key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the text to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the ssh key to a new machine .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a shell from a remote graph or none if a watch calls it only .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  get a random key from details .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the hermite distance between the vectors in the 3d array .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse of the 7 response .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  render   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  read in the chain for each element .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  read   a
truth:  list   current

test:  return a sqlalchemy query for a query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a directory for loading a plugin script name .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given some tokens .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  given   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure our substrings from sys .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in the given form .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  fetches the list of course enrollment for the given course id .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the experiment specified by filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id and automatic thread id for tid a port id .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg that is installed within orange .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should have at least the first tags column .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  simple function to return the data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the windows kernel name from the system path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  return the "plane of the skip with optimizers and appears the data .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the network object to a network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test the level utility .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decorator that skips tests that require both examples and asks .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  render html5 environment with jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   imports
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  downloads a path with the given path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  get   path

test:  try to parse a string from a position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of the :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches information of a certain security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   a

test:  a valid device numbers collected .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update new user change their emails .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  update   transaction
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value of a boolean separate keys .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   distribution

test:  add to a style application .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  to   create
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  helper for "s .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  null   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  remove absolute path inside a relative path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace for pixels of the selected plot .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  are   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  walk a list of indices .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  main entry point .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  return all volumes belonging to a consistency volume id .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a hook to make this block signal handler .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  archive   archive

test:  validate a string for the given number of integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  validate   json
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the api time calls the highest limit calls the highest thread .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server from normal boot disk again .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  get server configuration .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash hash for the given locale .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  removes the session messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the email sent .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the plus gets url-encoded .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  updates all translation with server in a structured model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  gets whitelisted backend for a login backend .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  commits a values} if needed .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  access   key
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt print input with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set approximate for the earths - try to be rendered by the initialization .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  set   a
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test to be updated with a request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  return path to the project .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer or urllib2 .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  null   type
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing center for the bearing .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of dtrace codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  return   fake
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a clique clique ring of each node in the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  generate an html message for a cache key .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  create a "mini" message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  create   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product of the numpy .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download a user from a invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a relays for the array .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the torrent .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a list of volumeservice changes the status of the specified state cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  package   package

test:  turns multiple quotes to html .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  turns   up
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  helper function used to convert files and id and id to ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an aware datetime object with behavior from datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generating   a

test:  computes the md5 hash of a given string .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  fake   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given an object for elements .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  given   parameters
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all volume types that are associated with specific qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  return   qos
truth:  associate   volume

test:  return the points of the gaussian distance between a gaussian coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  return   cotangent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   way
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  connect after modules to the new threads .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  connect   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the parsed long .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  return   iso
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a fuzzy setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   checking
truth:  freezing   test

test:  regression test for tuple info .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the percentage of pyrax .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  publish the child object to a child object .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a code that links to a resources documentation .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of urls recursively deserialize the most text: .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the minimal object of the environment .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  deletes comment methods of given request .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  test if the string is properly registered .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   test

test:  install the plugin info role for an application .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  install   install

test:  process the given action type for the given action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   verifies
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address in packed representation to packed classical use only preserve decimal siteresources .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based on given vm .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to absolute path for the modules directory .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  verify function can be none .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check a tar string for a file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the best match of a notfound method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles lyrics info from url .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  quotes   get
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  raise a list of nzb installed after people .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make the name of a function in a python directory .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   fix
truth:  to   try

test:  require the given disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  time   sets
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  decode a base64 encoded string encoded using hexadecimal encoding .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  replace the contents of the iterable .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  replace   options
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   linear
truth:  update   collections

test:  unlock the ignored output of a particular lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  stored   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask for a filename to save the answer as ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  display   return
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns the diagonal of the expression .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  trace   trace

test:  function that loads and ensure basic extensions from autotest_web .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key from broadcast key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in po files in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate name of a loop in doctype .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  name   splunk
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator for tests that require an egg .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  null   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert using base16 .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining and a timedelta for which end and end of the start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using single layer of gru units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a time .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  use the ismaster .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  pull   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  gets the indices hook of python hook in use .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  enable the presence of a partial object .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  mask mask in a given int .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  specified   get

test:  remove unicode acl arguments from the longer effectively effectively command .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  issues   uses
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function compute the n-dimensional ordering of a 2-d image ordering of a set of 2d inputs with a set of 2d ordering .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   axes
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous state first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  loads an submit=ok inventory from a json inventory .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  load   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if vtk is a valid version .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns a file-like object type in the given format .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check xml library of a xml api .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  raises   html
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a mongodb error from a standard error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a completes to generic simplified emissions + id= .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  is   call
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the permissions of an object or the database .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  fetch   dataset
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new service client that tests that recipe settings .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  split the list of field_map into the arguments we can make the arguments in classes .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent portion of a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  cdao all files in the directory tree parenthetical .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   call
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line axis option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return an array of numpy .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  return   file
truth:  adds   null

test:  confirm everything info should be rendered .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  error   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   return
truth:  db   db

test:  test that you need to contain a duplicate file extension .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   try
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  classify the percentage of positive cases correctly .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  finds   include
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns spherical rectangular cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the given object is callable .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a custom widget that creates a master widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db project index are marked as changed after the on-disk file ceased to exist .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a compiler compiler class by name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   configure
truth:  generate   generate

test:  saves returnelif from node to the event subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  project   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  get flow information from ssl server conventions and file .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restart a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test ws[ .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   index
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parses the local config file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  find   script
truth:  read   read

test:  timer needs to be in the partial inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  evaluate   backend
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return path to correct cache file decryption .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes files from the local default_handlers .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   remotes
truth:  execute   a

test:  get sessions for both unrar and drawing .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   name
truth:  list   list

test:  return a short tag for the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal api .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   sentences
truth:  given   a

test:  collect common and horizontal values .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  given a response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  given   move
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the valid component of a function that returns the sequence .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  get   return
truth:  simulate   a

test:  apply a branch to a particular branch of the git checkout .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the name of the django model and saves it .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate than the user_id: query .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  perform the periodogram raising an image if pergr is in the null range .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  perform   xml
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads the given filename to a python autocovariance file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  dump   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attach a block service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  find   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  list worker(s) that modify the topic database .
truth: hold election . 
test:  given   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test if the python file contains python python python file .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  git   associations
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  converts a and b to a numpy array of two sparse matrices .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a number of tasks to a task object .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  determines   number

test:  remove tab messages from the provider .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  remove   extension
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process upon output by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  a list of option components into the given destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  get user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   gradient
truth:  returns   variables

test:  return a list of all slave for this shuup .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if the ca certs have the other locations in question .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the number of rows that array_like .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes the rank of array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   array
truth:  take   a

test:  try to get a new ip address from the private ip address .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  to   key
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make an array with same position multiple position in the input list .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  creates   implementation
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  default function to get ancestor lines from the last whitespace .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  default   show
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend the data from instance and restart via cache .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the shared data structure for a given container path .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  defined   list

test:  return color color from color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a function which changes to wrap a custom update .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure it is possible to create a backend .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this indicates a test as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  this function returns a tuple of data limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  convert time around a datetime and time from date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   increment
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if bucket was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate all elements that are elements .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   hsl
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single iteration .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a new widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  some tests about multiple import in multiple space issues .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets a currently required for an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  render a template with html identified by an html template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  converts an ndarray to an array .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  converts   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  adds tool to a task name or a deprecated: if it is a transient of tool shed wrapper .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document to the name of the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   library
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a summary of hgrid .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  print   view
truth:  upload   executive

test:  translate the file to a sequence of classes .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  unzip   null

test:  adds a mock file to the response code .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that attribute share an object lazily the class and properties are always removes to be able to crossover .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  to   null

test:  checks versions of data with version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete an megacycles by name .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   create
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the matrices matrix of the given axis .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a dd-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  print a command line listed in a separate commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get pillar output from ssl keyring .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  create a generic resource from the gui resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read a single plain using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  returns true if the given operator has any valid operators .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  returns   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  list all dns entries for the current tenant .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  get report report for doc .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  reports   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save a network with projectionlayer .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  save   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  internal views .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer integer integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert projections to the optimal function of the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a users post information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the lookup[topic] component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  checks whether the password for all metrics .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  checks   debug
truth:  insures   null

test:  returns msvcrtreturn .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  null   program

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve a bcachex or cache to a real same path .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   return

test:  test if ip address is loaded .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  test   wether

test:  normalize a dict .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete a disabled job .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create folder folders in root .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   enable
truth:  build   sdists

test:  retrieve all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the square root of square root of the square root of 0 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all shared data for the given condition .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   validates
truth:  list   list

test:  function to test tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  to   function
truth:  clean   up

test:  create the new array of the result of data using the given view .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   a

test:  save all of the old translation for a page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  null   users
truth:  checks   page

test:  return all existing polynomials in f .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator for setting credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a decorator for setting default values .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a function that can be used as a formated string .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the sample data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute l2 norm of the conditional decomposition of a region using the conditional decomposition of g .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   scaling
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that no pathnames matrix no undeferred are in no of the original style matrix .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  tests   stack
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from the given function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject all existing aws config commands to the most recent deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the gpu_single_block_sum of the likelihood emitted .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   clone
truth:  returns   a

test:  collect the django messages of the current request .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  null   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object or a a directory .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  dictionary   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  this test provides a test case .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  pass   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of the titles titles from line .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a list network values that are elements of a single string value .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a matrix containing the points of the expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   expr
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a helper function for setting a list of iofile .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a number as string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user to a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a fused compound .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building the site a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a states of data from a file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   mr

test:  computes the similarity similarity of two probability coverts .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an absolute path relative to the project .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to return a useless requirement: environment .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return network grades section 9 .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals datetimes the dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  function   alias
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a list containing the pound from the commandline .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade all packages into the system upgrade multiple package upgrade 2) the full version of the package to delete commands .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  get   upgrade
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  open the given filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  open   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add the various box .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert that the expected value of the matrix and mask are properly there .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  to   glob
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return whether name is running .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the list of attribute and label methods for future interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   mock
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  input   input

test:  load only on minions that have the logrotate module .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   signal
truth:  update   entry

test:  find user headers with specific headers in the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  multiply the input vector as a list of strings .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move up a few bound to xml into a text-formatted long editor .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  fixed   set
truth:  text   text

test:  return a new network model for a container name or a network model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function for show all the messages and post the given messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  delete   endpoint
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the value of an sqs power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one or more digits .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  custom score for one base line name based on top of the base of the base < 1 .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  undo   sequences
truth:  bins   bins

test:  returns the singleton in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted list of license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import adapted for use in a dict .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  module   flocker
truth:  setup   worker

test:  determines the version of the given version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an iterator over an iterator .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the simple check for a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture to setup a mock bindings .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute size of x and matrices .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   x
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   like
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into the filters .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test -91 latitude validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   slug
truth:  test   latitude

test:  helper to extract a single model fields from a schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register namespace_handler .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   notification
truth:  null   method

test:  an iterable of indices ordered by a single sorting the elements of the given list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   group

test:  return context used for sorting temporarily parse an object into a context .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the cached time left is in the physical physical configurations .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  make   control
truth:  config   key

test:  create a pooling function for multiprocessing and exit .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an html value to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the main function of x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests socket delete methods in a value .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  python 2 and adds a clsid to the add-on of the given clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  get   a

test:  checks fields of long long and matches the list of long names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   facet
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate a flash range suitable for numba .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop npm uses iterating around the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  watch   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   control
truth:  control   control

test:  generate the hash and a secret key .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  pack   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a notification property with a given name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a timestamp .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  return   path
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  response a post request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  callback   circuit
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  recursive generator that flattens nested iterable into lists of nested lists .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  recursive   return
truth:  nested   null

test:  this function creates a set of sequences that are created by the given selection .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  given   a

test:  adds the covers field of the given protocol .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the path to a given component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity from distances between a 2-d normal distribution .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   breadcrumbs
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  plugin registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  function   add
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a valid validator that can be used as an egg .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  simple fitness for calculating fitnesses .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   class

test:  remove a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  simple helper method for python 2 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   utility

test:  check whether or not a non-false state has any run .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   information
truth:  if   null

test:  raise the analysis analysis analysis .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  perform   set
truth:  log   in

test:  convert a message protobuf to an protobuf message object .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search a text text after a different text note: this function find a regular text after a given pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate the next graphs .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add arg to arg .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the given html string from an iri .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads python file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  execute   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  print   databases

test:  'errortolerancesmustbenon-negative' * y error given error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the case of a step file .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  text   text

test:  search tt .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  recursive   error
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian number to a cgi of points .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object for a synchronous api .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns true if the user has the given method style a custom style or it .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a mysql status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a network dict from network interface name like network .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the user for a given user from a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  get a new server ip address from the host server .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   shortcut
truth:  null   section

test:  generate event events in an event data .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  display the output of the state comment .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  launches the correct case host_from_gpu .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a dict of all the names and can be used as a updates cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  change   change

test:  set the global lut[ of the current existing variables .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   set
truth:  change   change

test:  test that class can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of a file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons subclasses of django and could be used for containing: .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  store a users .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  store   information

test:  bypass of image measure measure based on a variable of active (-1)*100 .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the given host string that contains email .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a function for debian .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json a json object .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  configures the request for the specified request .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  configures   handler
truth:  null   temporary

test:  update environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  update   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if *uri* is a urn urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  create a <args>" cleaning found inside the rfc2617 domain .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt key and then decrypt a dict .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the supplied world .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  builds a valid languages spec to the specified string .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  builds   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the bitmask of the given pages name .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the set the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  generate classified classified and backported for interacting with latex .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  function   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test inverse plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   dson
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager for temporary cwd cwd .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   function
truth:  adding   context

test:  try to read the image from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   file
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program to start a vm .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  let   null

test:  convert datetime object to a datetime .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a new child backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a observer object .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  transform a set of tuples to a numpy array see function .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  transform   generator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete a transaction .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a dictionary of upload info key from list of fields .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  parse   a

test:  remove files from a specified filename .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  files   return
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the given code is a native code or a python code object .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolves   in
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test that a number of dimensions is preserved used for a problem .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until the state has a given kwargs or not .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   downloads
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert id from an ols format: format to standard python interpreter .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the given 32-bit path .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   read
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  disconnect hub requests .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the string with potentially them from injected .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  expr   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns true if the disk file in the registry .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  the pants version of pants cli example: .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open a file at path .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  open   replace
truth:  flip   null

test:  get the bcache device name for a service path .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  get   number
truth:  null   null

test:  merge 2 dicts and wrap the value in a single value .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  take   null
truth:  nested   merge

test:  basic new source and adds the current source code to avoid adds a new upwards .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether a schema matches the request .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a html node from the given node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   fetch
truth:  create   a

test:  a fixture which provides a enterprise at the test class .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  return a byte-string version of xml .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  reorder request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  source   null
truth:  given   a

test:  find wcs of wcs function .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   a

test:  run a sensible sensible from the environment .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay overlay sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return an integer representing the first element in the given document and the second order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively replace items in various .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  converts a number to its weighted vat vat vat .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  difference -> int and returns the numpy qtable such that it is positive examples: in the luminance range .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to the given value .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  signal that will execute the total form for the given object as visible .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solve a rational function or generalized .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solve   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  test 4 of big function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  tests   performance
truth:  color   color

test:  iter_except allocates failure by week .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parses yaml table data from the object/image tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  formats   formats

test:  mock url .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  url   decorator
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a widget for the given form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  check if uri is valid .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel finds and builds dependencies of editables .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  request should make sure that the according to the hack function works as expected .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text file to a text python script .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  cache a static cache of type for interacting with gist .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  cache   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  create a virtual users .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the basename paths for the transformed paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  json a new json query .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  map   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns a new array along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   everything
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  test if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  render   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  return the contents of the file descriptor .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  null   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  this takes a string and returns a valid output from it .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  takes   method
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 test objective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display list of all the support rooms .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  list   default
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of exploration summary for this exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check the output of the first operator .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  youdon'thaveaccesstothis return array .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  null   item

test:  usage: lx wait seconds of a list of user a-z .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  replacement for http:// .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings recordings and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return path to a module parameters module : device name of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  return   size

test:  create a instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parses a range defined safely from the whole backend and split it into a list of values .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all projects registered in this user .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  remove an provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that a pickling estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d location .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  import package specified by name and name .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install the user app version in a particular environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   django

test:  configures the stereo .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  configures   changes
truth:  set   gl

test:  if its possible .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  set the attribute of an object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  set   set
truth:  to   null

test:  unicode unicode objects using utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given app to the application .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  ensure that a tensor or substitution is a tensor containing the surround attribute of the a tensor .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  check   number

test:  return the given sum on a list of items .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  function   return
truth:  usage   usage

test:  can be used to boolean distances .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  url   return
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper to timelinereturn .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the correct trace from the current stack frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the tables from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the settings directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  constant-time -> binary test if n is a binary string in the given file .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   n

test:  copy the sentence of a list of random values from a string .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines whether a version is a pre-release version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  determines   version
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a theano features with the given feedbackthreadmodel .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  debugging   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  set up the coinmarketcap sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a hexstring random string .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an tar location of a directory containing ec2 module from this project .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  to   try

test:  return the configured lxc .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  perform a structure .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  custom homepage for stylesheets .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   manager

test:  call the audio contents provided in a dict .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  call   links
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the available []devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  acquiring the threading lock for the current thread .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  a view used for view returning an output .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a project with the given network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  return   set
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a simple page .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  create an virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object in the thread .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the dictionary from the given data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  check   data
truth:  read   data

test:  get the roslib manifest for a given package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   path
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backend loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the type of topics and __dir__ topics .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part of a img .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds name from the given tree or the system .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project with acl permissions .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge a result as a transaction .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch image members for the given target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an features to all configured features .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   parallel
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the traffic_manager on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   function
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo where the event is being executed correctly .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query object according to the specified question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a superset .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   column
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  returns greyscale elements of an array with matching intervals .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  model   boolean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  iterates over a dict by key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return f before an isolating bandwidth .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  serve   statistics
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current state the none will automatically set within each system state .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   context
truth:  set   set

test:  produce colorbar with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   tasks
truth:  produce   null

test:  take a rpc-safe label or raise a technical exception .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  take   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test that a string make quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the shortest service rules .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  check   check

test:  updates elements corresponding to the expected value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  allocate a new disk to the given new disk .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  download   return
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   encodes
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  make a optimizer function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synchronized array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the logged-in page is running on the domain .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  null   method
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging logging logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if the specified path has a valid path .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   directory
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  log types using comming .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  base   null
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  is called after every pylab drawing command .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a random os .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a directory which can be used to check if the directory has at path .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  context   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as skip a test .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a polynomial from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  return   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of values for each arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a ctypes .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images that are sorted .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dictate arma process ar : array_like the boolean array for aes .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  init   escape
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  setup entry point .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   site
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to a keyfile device using the ssh name: .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  connect   ssh
truth:  to   method

test:  apply data to a template .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  apply   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to be used .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it can have the expected as expected .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns the time installer .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission to the user under a specific user thread-local .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert the given code is a piece of fft .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the bitmap for the given gpu_from_host .
truth: return blit . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  get the directory where the given path is an ec2 object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return dense cross labels for a given dense weight scope .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper function to generate the setfacl roots .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  function   derivative
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups that were the snapshots .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  simulate is currently recommended localhost / enter a given video distribution .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  an ndarray at an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  returns the getcdlistdir directory containing the given directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid stats .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the cache for the given module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video subtitle filter .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   new

test:  read all items from the master .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   a
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  return the corresponding cpu time as a number of (to .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the checksum of a non-linear package name into the package .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  return the module from the module to be imported .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  return the probability cossim of two probability of strings .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to render from an existing document tree data structure .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively downloads a file or a directory recursively .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders can be labeled can cmd labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the string wrapped in the setting .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the git logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  return   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  send email address of the given user .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  email   order
truth:  renders   null

test:  return unicode .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that the given session name the name is present .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  replace   bind
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replace debug information from low dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  function   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  compute the linear shape of two values .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  listen   string
truth:  return   return

test:  change the learning phase to the correct variable .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  needs   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  unicode unicode instance of unicode objects .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   convert
truth:  object   object

test:  the mandatory cobbler module of the given number .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sign entry in sign .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  point   number
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to generate a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   place
truth:  to   post

test:  returns a sql hash for the given sql and an four hash .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  returns   sql
truth:  hash   hash

test:  forced the input variable with randomly .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find path files in a subdirectory directory .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage for usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  simulate   a

test:  compute items from the first .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  search   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  validate a path with the simple login .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess for the current thread .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  check if two images are not inside the global pil distribution .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  if   controller
truth:  creates   a

test:  call a new random variable with the moving average .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  call   function
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  debug function .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  function   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: datachars publish the ignored for a deployment .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   sparse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current colormaps colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to create a new schema .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   s
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the path to the nmap environment for logging .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   checks
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  scales output batch with spatial support parameters data : 1d array of output input size of shape indexes .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  scales   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  yaml: #16288 show full id for the project .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bind all languages in the single thread .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  set   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the given decimal instance .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart the admin view .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   httpd
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  create a new collection of html data .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  guess to guess a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  remove all urls from a page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  list   list

test:  redirects to the user in the actual page .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on apt-based .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the credentials in this context is valid according to target .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  column can be accepted as possible to a column table in the expected table .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if *args matches any of the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   one
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   assert
truth:  get   names

test:  return true if the passed in is a test .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a new metadata to the database .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  return true if the supplied flags takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a vector to a set of nodes .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack common data to a usable usable .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  adjust   unpack
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return whether the git sha can be used to edit an array .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  a simple way to read the data size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot bottom by index .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns none if an image has the same length .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the main entry point for the following fields to be edited .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  post   post

test:  turn a figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the float of the mean .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sums   elements

test:  get the raw feedparser name for the given category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  determine   null

test:  is the directory at the beginning of the files .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the raw hash for the key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find all modules under path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  file   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns if the iterator is iterable of python objects .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   implementation

test:  context manager to sleep an array with a given file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  code   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  returns true if any files in symlinks are found .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  test   null
truth:  files   files

test:  cause cause attributes of stringify attributes as a dict .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  function   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the docker container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  joblib * most recent functions in parallel mode .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  performs a two-way .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the versions of the given tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns inverse of sequences in map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  builds result from country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   one

test:  update the resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   intersection
truth:  update   update

test:  get a key from the given user dict .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  get   secret
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove all installed jobs from the index .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  null   names
truth:  clear   background

test:  removes a calendar name .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  halt server configuration cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  server   null
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the number of epoch needed to sort the epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  turn   get
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for marking the default functionality .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node view for a node :return: a stats view only .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  get   node
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of data translation for a term .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  rolls rolls rolls matrix in the elements elements .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random api hash of string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send nodes: from a file .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  file   file

test:  compile basic class can be used for a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  read all cgroup controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  read   read
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the given stream and return a standard output .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  writes   in
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a synthetic validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear regression polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  evaluates   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a date/time connect date and returns a python datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  helper to get a recordsensor network script that allows us to specify a file record for every time source .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to get a versioned app .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  used   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function for local or from a url .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a queue of preprocess versions for use with getobjects versions of expiration .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a list of vms in the specified word .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   arguments
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  parse command line arguments and return a socket object .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  supports   null

test:  the api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   get
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  creates a new app based scripts .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object containing the result of the alembic specific value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a user from an build request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets the number of seconds .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  token   token

test:  return dot product or tk .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   import
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and parse validator value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  the payload for adding a resource to the specified attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  replaces   union
truth:  converts   payload

test:  converts a list of tuples into a list of their names .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  takes the value in the pattern and returns a pair .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature / values: .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   vector3
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f matches a regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  returns the capacity information .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   models
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator used to ensure that the decorated function is a command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  string   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a hashlib guid correlation object to starting from a string .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if a variable name is a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  charts report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   detail
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  split an absolute node variable name .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   check
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  merge video output to a file in a given audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  expand   frappe
truth:  merges   video

test:  install the temporary directory .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  install   update
truth:  null   initializer

test:  check if a numpy request is valid .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse devs weights to a set of docker weights .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  build   setup
truth:  parse   devices

test:  this function takes a wsgi auth .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that turns a function into a list of files .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  modify   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  called once .
truth: helper function . 
test:  updates   fakedrivers
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the javascript gui include all apps in the javascript hierarchy .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  get   image
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  get the information on the input key .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  internal function for the rosenbrock problem .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  check the bluetooth statistic needs a finite set .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  evaluate   check
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if the value of the lexing parameter is present in the boolean func .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved service instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for django users .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom output for all the fakewebtab .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  map the servers multiple status strings to vm status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   vm_state
truth:  map   map

test:  return a language matching and distributed servers matching .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the filter_words and list from the directories given by displayable .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   read
truth:  uses   uses

test:  create a valid node to a given node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert control strings to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes a user from a deactivated .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  removes   user
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  recursively unpack given .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  given   storage

test:  but it does nothing special characters outside an object .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove leading seconds from a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  return list of first element from line name .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  return   split
truth:  package   package

test:  test brief image .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if a subset of objects which should be deleted .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  truncate an ipv4 name to a file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  create   create

test:  dump the id of this storage storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test the release version of git when you are in git .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   loops
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  module   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  make sure utf-8 encoded string is utf-8 encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a function where every time is called before support is ignored .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  trivial   null
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  splits   power
truth:  send   a

test:  set an objects representation of an object provided by objects .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  set   view
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions of the given versions cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the list of all renderers for the specified list of renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert web keys to empty strings .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid of a list .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  verify @disabled .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   algorithm
truth:  url   url

test:  generates a new adapter script requires a known instance .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of defined sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  validate a base base base number .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the current position of the dataset .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  the main commandline interface .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function handle subtraction .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  function   check
truth:  run   program

test:  checks if the given filename is a valid directory .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints the actual message .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  determines whether a module name is a imp version of the imp .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  return the correct indices of something to do not throw an exception .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  return   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  return whether the obj looks like a scalar object .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the named container is actually authtypes .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove all npm failed failed failed .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local image of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   otsus
truth:  return   return

test:  add some attribute info to the specified course .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  context   null
truth:  append   course

test:  test table with data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a emulate unicode sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a main function to make up the type .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   task
truth:  set   set

test:  return an array to be of recformat objects .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  returns resource name cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check if units is enabled in the unit context .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   null

test:  main function for sphinx a running tests with fully run tests .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the currently configured url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  evaluate a sql expression at least two lists .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle the logging parameters for the logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  handle   open
truth:  init   init

test:  only create test environment for test - to run people with cassandra .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for adding an instance of a function into a single instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   task
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  create the ignored node for this node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  calls   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns first child of the node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a group .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  if correlation of ma representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  write a raw content to a static representation .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears all documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  generates list of empty actions .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generates   dtype
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the user id for the given user id .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump a byte string to color space .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  dump   options
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port and port and port and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all the installed machinectl in the redis directory .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  measure the inverse of an array of inverse .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  measure   index
truth:  build   a

test:  converts a dictionary that has pairs as an global_config generator that should be consumed as a uri value .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple/list into pieces defined by indices .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all lines reachable from code objects .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct token token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  text   wheels
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out the arg and their values from the dict .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  parse   print
truth:  split   a

test:  get the ip of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  function   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return the gid and group id to the gid .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  command line .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  command   refresh
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for an image and discards .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  helper to guess a function from sys .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a sympy expression with a sympy rule .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  result   result

test:  try to watch schedule .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  import   import

test:  send the sends logic to make this document .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  reports   email
truth:  send   auto

test:  return all the matcher *name* .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  return   file
truth:  get   get

test:  backward propagation activation function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the mount modules .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  select   close
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  return the compensation for an expression .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  subtract polynomials of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  if there is a list of the total dashboard data dashboard for the user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  gets   mute
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   algorithm
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse parameters into a list of parameter parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parameters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return maximum internal element of f .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  return   univariate
truth:  make   null

test:  download download requirements exit code when blank requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   download

test:  return the geometric forward of two probability .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the an adapter with the defined adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  transform two or more documents after seeding .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  transform   change
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a function this decorator .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  cache   url
truth:  is   null

test:  a view that displays all requests .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   users
truth:  render   render

test:  creates and copy of two arrays from a 1-d rho .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the restore:backupfilename .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   s
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the first alembic command .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  dump a elapsed action .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  dump   log
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  false} a radom cloud text .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  resets   permissions
truth:  running   running

test:  return the string wrapped in the given alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   close
truth:  return   return

test:  stop all objects .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  compose   null

test:  get detailed api describe and names from a api name cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   info
truth:  gets   information

test:  returns a list of search for a dictionary whose keys exist or if a given list of dictionaries are lists of the dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate an inverse operator .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  filter the data contains one value .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the kb moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize the normalize name to make comparison change the normalize casing .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   x
truth:  use   nd

test:  get indexing chunks of data accordingly .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   chunk

test:  the reports that reports is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code for six py3 .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate the namespace database connection names are exists .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   name
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  inverse of the /proc function .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two zeros using the same length .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  return a simple .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  send   function
truth:  get   service

test:  deprecated a time expression with the format yyyymmdd .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  format   a

test:  internal handler to remove the configuration from a single storage .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   conversion
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns managed list of data .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  strip the path of the unique source code for a given uri .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  post   a
truth:  send   a

test:  args: rand_structure() : call representing a list of vlc .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from data source list of arrays .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current vector .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  sets   close
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different between an error .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get or create a list of model data in a database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  get   reverse
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  initialize   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is a version of the views that are not created every item but different item above the 2 item before common .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  function   return
truth:  read   read

test:  returns module manifest if none .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates the return the return the return value of the return value .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  function   add
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove a path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run the the *delta*+1 from the command line and prints markdown messages .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the 'setxkbmap{ layout of the current system cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   current

test:  return a new datastore instance .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  ask   null

test:  call each operator into a list of arguments .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  call   a
truth:  strip   a

test:  validate whisper based on least squares functions .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb scene .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command down the telnet channel .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  does   command
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all of the registered volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  s3 s3 object this s3 location to s3 .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   signal
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance of the squared error .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the joined solution for the one or more automates + .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  hidsums data for one or more 2d targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  performs   -
truth:  -   -

test:  create a astroid document for an astroid document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a snapshot that will be used as a snapshot of the given snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates a file key for an s3 document .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder api showing the required context .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  assume   use
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a askopenfilenames bar .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   shows
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key key key key for setting environment variables .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   key
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  get the pylint ip address for this machine .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the list of plugins for the given observer .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   args
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  sleep out the output of the str delay .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  dictionary   version
truth:  read   read

test:  given a query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  given   null
truth:  have   null

test:  test with and .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the message when n when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a cookie is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write ports from a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  writes   description
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the linode attribute .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  return   version

test:  fill the currently-implemented text with x .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  fill   method
truth:  draws   null

test:  resets the limit of a variable under specified user_id .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  prepend   success
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge user info from a course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  file   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns in a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about a linux version error cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  check the shape of a grid into the right rounded networks .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   slice
truth:  create   a

test:  run a process .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  apply a property .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  return the no tag of the given object .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  save service manager of type creation in new service .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  save   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  determine if a header key is selected in a given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  only make a redefine event .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  skips a project in equivalent to translation using assist .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  search   custom
truth:  return   python

test:  this method uses the inline token to send a game of the given user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a list of tuples .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features are installed again cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the git path .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  return   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the last points are inside a list of bytearrays .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to check all matching entries by first matching the first .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a correctly formatted for a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return dict from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  converts key for --help .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  change   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a new array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is used to generate a configuration .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  download a file-like handshake to interacting bytes .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  download   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test the session validation .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  retry code lookup from code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  code   retry
truth:  return   python

test:  return the position of the dataset .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return the result of the tar section .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  get   start
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dictionary dicts into dictionary d1 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  come in a file system directory of all display .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  return   model
truth:  given   a

test:  return a new string that is quoted .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  time   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete any timings records from the given time table .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize a console .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  create a python python dictionary for the current document .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  adds formatting to the right value .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  adds   slashes
truth:  value   value

test:  none' a collection from type .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a pep xml document .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   call
truth:  parse   parse

test:  checks / add a new model class to this function will use the aws runtime .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme in queue .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a list of paths containing range of this user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test if new samples design at the samples given as a random samples .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of startup to enable the startup of the script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut attribute of the current process .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes redundant /s from the beginning and the alternate .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a smoothing for an authentication user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  to   user
truth:  gets   a

test:  get a list of all volumes associated with a volume id .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  attempt to find a list of blocks and logging seqrecord from the stack of values to search for creating the values .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  to   h
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the average of the least one .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this script generates a fake dataset .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to get @six .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  prints   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replace all of html characters found in text into html characters .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get the sickbeard limits for the duration log messages .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  gcd   null
truth:  get   get

test:  joins url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   parse
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return lists of corresponds .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate number of jitter to boolean policy .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   file
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the 3d data from a dictionary .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  get   data
truth:  finds   null

test:  test plot with the values of the given values .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   line

test:  returns the default fs command line containing android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of [l]res .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a max key .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary of files from folder from path and post .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  find   find

test:  get the mime version of the page .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if x matches a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates query version of the given url .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the output of the latest tree .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns the validation number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a variable to a config .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   diff
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the html generated csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compares two partitions and compare them to a list of letters .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the disk memory for a particular migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   migration

test:  assert the pipeline passed into the pipeline using the executed command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  change   add
truth:  to   null

test:  get an pydoc create of document documents .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return true if file and build the package database at the beginning of the file without importing the file containing .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  display the current response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  stop   keys
truth:  remove   remove

test:  custom view used to patch conversions parameters met : datetime objects to check for null-ness .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  view   a
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send comments for survives summary summary summary .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  send   send

test:  scans estimator .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  null   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  waits for a port to occur until it is handled via the standard output of the /etc/modules is handled on .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  validate   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  set a new document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  check the error .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the input data of an input list of features .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt exception with serialization data .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  query   load
truth:  text   text

test:  a fixture to be installed and will not change graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging messages index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  endpoint   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  return true if the user has write access to the given user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic and false .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the existence of the option is within .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  if the backend is currently being run .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to pass to func - function to be called func - function at kargs - function to
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  new task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  expand a list into a map of the same cluster .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   links
truth:  make   a

test:  test that the basic cudandarray that the gar is sensible with gar .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to utf-8 .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the directory that the system environment variable .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  null   plugins

test:  determine if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update completions of user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  update   signal
truth:  context   context

test:  test branch with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   return
truth:  submit   null

test:  separate all spaces in the comment line .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   indent
truth:  use   use

test:  require require test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   project
truth:  require   foo

test:  make the dsk2 class with the current thread .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  make   configures
truth:  set   set

test:  return the result of a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   page

test:  return the redirect to the new url .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  return   request
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if filename is a unittest filename for the true if we used .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a hash of data .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  check   a
truth:  reads   html

test:  this is the first element of the object .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  is   return
truth:  function   function

test:  escape the given parameters for use in a string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given node is a graph in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple_stmt : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  this function should be solutions to enable the xml page and the api json value of the given gaps .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  hash   assignment_expression
truth:  create   create

test:  get the entire number of filtered with element .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all permutations in a collection .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  retrieve jose base-64 der-encoded certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return a list of length matches the desired number of length matches the given locale and alias .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the real plugin associated with the given data .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  function   sigmoid
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path for a settings .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   settings
truth:  set   set

test:  clean up the device .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given question question the sections are returned in the question will authenticate in the template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around the remaining line .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  redirects   one
truth:  avoid   null

test:  polar the correlation matrix in the importconditions model .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build an error when not instantiated with kwarg .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  build   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to euca :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  if   query
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set the global dictionary with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test test if riak is still written .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  find all public and return them from a module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  get a get a new file :rtype: .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   null
truth:  load   load

test:  decode a qcolor that compare a sequence of characters .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get a list of locate linux package upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  get   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  find a file from the master using a url and return the file from the host cache cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  read   read

test:  decorate a dict from [t] -- a collection of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  null   variables
truth:  named   add

test:  send email when an email address is recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   email
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an iterable of all possible pairs from the given list of possible pairs .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  returns   neutron
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a version string and a version specifying whether it exists .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  import url .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  context   a
truth:  download   download

test:  if the given node does not have a thing in a thing .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   return
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  creates unique value from word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  creates   index
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if the flags flags are chosen .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  log out the given pipe .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  tests   context
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command in the output: passed with the command specified by hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   current
truth:  command   command

test:  compute ringx .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the widget for the settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  install metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   apply
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between each pair in the vectors .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  removes the volume of the input using the plot parameters graph .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  removes   docstring
truth:  to   null

test:  test that masked column can be ignored outside a mask that is not part of different columns .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return true if the given value is a valid python class .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  convert a string to a sysctl .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute database labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  return   gradient
truth:  pads   null

test:  prints the pretty print to stderr .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if the procedure is gcode .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator for methods which need to be finalized in a future argument .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  sends user api requests to perform basic api .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set temporary file names to make 1xn .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert between os .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the shortest time with a simple predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  parse the libguestfs loop .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a launch hostes alarm is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function wraps the length of a string with a yum message .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  this is a validation that shouldnt create a scale table that shouldnt create table definition .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   security
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  test if a string from a unicode object .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns all closed closed closed from the cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  a handler that get the cross error status .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to the inline options which is added to the inline options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  send an email this interface .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get a pseudorandom public key .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates errors according to a given store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 from vector3 list .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get an object or raise if ns not found/visible or resource id .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a file:// node from a node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  files   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string from saved or composed of manipulationfunction .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new tenant by tenant and assign a tenant to the tenant specified .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends the existence of a single connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse information about network or try to get information about the network and returns a formatted machine .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string from boto .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  default   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   permission
truth:  template   template

test:  returns a resource type required for a resource from destroying .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  delete the returnshutil directory of the dir to the local cache .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  pass   fixture
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the directory and make it easier to be within a resource .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get all the hosts .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a network cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and transfer the last location nearest nearest location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown the running system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  remove the specified path .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  send   a

test:  test if the given string is valid .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a message and renders a skeiniso .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  takes   redirects
truth:  return   return

test:  return the total number of all paths that are affected by a list of their sources .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is intersection of g .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of the lazy page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return true if youre user can be following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a key for working working directory based on its environments .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  returns a geometric matrix from a 3d with the associated arguments .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get fingerprint on a cfn stack .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  send a inline item .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get the contents of an says api with the provided level .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  signal   controller
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  strip   print
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  fixed a fixed ip with a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces whitespace at certain sub whitespace .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   mark
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test single gl option to test group only missing values .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  create   app

test:  returns a list of sequences of each variable .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  import git data from all available pillar .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  import   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  fixture that resets a default object that resets its default object after performing the default object .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert days since e .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterate over a slash in a [^-]+ .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get mounted output of device various by device .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  get   library
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir with the any configuration in path and all directories in path .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set the native id .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  set   validates
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   geometry
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a list of all the functions since the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module given a string .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to check if paranoid is converted to something .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores from opennebula and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  an immediate utcstr .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   current

test:  this is the following text/bytes function .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   test
truth:  =   =

test:  return the sum of volume statistics .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a set of attributes for passing in attribute specified by default .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  make   shortcut
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run flask web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   change
truth:  run   run

test:  display the vlan_name playlist for debugging .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   in
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the maximum number .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners for a complex .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get the name of the filepath .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test discrete dimensions in a zero corner onto those .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 ways of specifying a string are equivalent .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a replacement for non-admin .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  'useos -> str like popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an uninterpolated name for a file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either timedoutwaitingfor{}tobeclickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears all the installed changes .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   multivariate
truth:  clears   null

test:  use the input to display the standard deviation .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  wraps   output
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a latin .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  writes   generator
truth:  generate   generate

test:  turns a new path into memory .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  turns   character
truth:  assert   assert

test:  updates the database metadata for all functions in updates .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  updates   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  the good extractor that passes on sequence of integers .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return fixed ips by vif id .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a new enum subclass associated with the models .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the database tables for the current database .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   force
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure all bears from the bears .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will return the current service route .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the grep contents of the latest contents .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove all path inside a root node .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  output   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a given port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method that copies the data dictionary to the underlying validator parameters d: : the dictionary of dicts .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  takes   copy
truth:  makes   a

test:  path expansion .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  null   test
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert everything to a value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  network network for creating a resource from the resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a python build file build expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   debug
truth:  start   start

test:  return the closest codes for the given *locale .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of all instance sizes .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a chunks of dask array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  convert a given key prefix to a tuple .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an http request to the end of the file with a random line numbers requirement: * mssql * mssql tested against: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  load all existing pickle number in pickle format and return true if any of the synchronous file .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  helper function for searching ssl wsgi app .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  call loads binary data in the permission are properly from config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  dump   auto
truth:  test   test

test:  add a sitemap for each sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  add   in
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the cdf that can be used to ensure the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  determine if each row of the row from all samples .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  tests   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits emits emits an event usage usage usage usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  emit   events

test:  test a string file/directory chart using an address .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  test   accept
truth:  verify   null

test:  set pixel prefix in a map .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  set   return
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  importing the database connection to the database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  importing   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a program and send a not stderr .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   callback
truth:  parses   a

test:  check if a kwarg module is available .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  wrapper for shall .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  pathname the paths matching a pathname directory and yields if it can be an iterable .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of python code value out of the given python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the square root of a square root of x .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an example: key for a given user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function to format a string or a string of the name .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a status .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   user
truth:  parse   parse

test:  c for a positive expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find a text representation of the given filename and text values .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current hub object for the requested thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  generate minimal literal as minimal unicode characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generate   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  creates -48 threads using the unittest color of the distance between two numpy threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of images from azure .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a read-write read-write of secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns whether a secret key is access to the specified secret .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  tests a regression autoencoder for a yaml file .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   a

test:  updates the restful handler for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a function .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  the main function .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the given path to a filesystem path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  null   text
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list lsmod info and their loaded modules cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  installed   server
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for json data .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  evoked   get
truth:  evoked   read

test:  most all configuration .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a link to the given device .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a function that maps a list of expression before prefix just a pinging annotation .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this instance of plugin non-gcable within plugincontext via cls: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a role representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  counter_type the the the the the counter_type the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a unique name .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert data to a base64 encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  convert   decodes
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate an image in a file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  convert the characters escape in string escape sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this function returns a date from a month day or date fields .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  convert   day

test:  return the items of an iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  returns endpoints for the given url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  null   django
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm updating request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   location
truth:  null   null

test:  for example that it if an absolute domain or true .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method for run_module .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  translates a bson string to a pil .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  encode   encode

test:  create user cart or create their corresponding anonymous token .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  create   null
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user url .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get the correct number of time .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert strings to its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   none
truth:  null   representation

test:  remove separators syntax tags .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   html

test:  return a list of python requirements from the provided date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  return   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  query of the system/os sampling and its code at the end of the non-whitespace cost .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the stroke portion of the boolean int in the day .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  determine whether a function is a symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get current state for the current machine .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the tag .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse an http www-authenticate header into censored .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse a parameter descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the first wsgi key .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   reader
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if path has been entire .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a field in a dict .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error regression loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  squared   mean

test:  return the point of a complex curve function .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  generate a formatted url for a url .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  purpose purpose element adding a list of elements to elements .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base path where ipython itself is a given ipython or false .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get default price list can be used as a restful list .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on a git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  make sure the given html is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test config from webapp .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   default
truth:  config   config

test:  perform a block diagonal volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  be   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generates a range of dicts and returns a single range of dicts .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   uid

test:  returns the data value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  returns   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  setup the concord232 platform control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set the function options role by its implicit or language-dependent name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  set   null
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get dataset used to return jobs for a given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the necessary available executable in necessary .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  get   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  recursively check all files in the given path to the available directories .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  get one or more unable to a remote host using the device .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  get   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid basics .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sets commit managed transaction into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  puts   null

test:  utility method to write a valid information from a path to the root directory .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   new
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  return output of executing command and output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  logging   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test even if broadcast_arrays is preserved .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  an exception with stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test channel-picking generated by money or xml element .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow users to use for the provided login via login .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dont cleans separator to a simple name .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  tell   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step string from the array .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  mark and link to the desired priority .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  verify   one
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric logistic model of a continuous batch of theta taken - theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mixed   null

test:  get the line number of minors based on them .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  note: must be either a list of tuples: or in the database .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove the binomial from the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper to create a user .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   new
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of configurations .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group to the specified group group if it exists .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  ensure   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  makes sure the clip is done .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the timestamp that contains the given image .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that the application is registered .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  format a value in the noop parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return a type of property .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  return   key
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a absolute path to the absolute path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  modified   fetch
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator for generating a new version of the deprecation python 2 .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change permissions to change .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  source   sending
truth:  given   a

test:  merge a solution into normalized memory + .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  append all generator to specified signal handlers .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or all the questions is found or the hierarchy a desired location or all the
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  save a file on filename .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  debugging   create
truth:  write   test

test:  test the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a unread srs object this makes concurrency occurrences of unread messages .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  restore simplified environment variables to region .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  clears   exe
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the path to the mercurial repository .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the arguments that the keys of an item is present .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  ensure   assert
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts and the specified datacenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the directory that will be used to send up from a given directory .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator is a fast file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  returns a new dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  returns   alias
truth:  left   null

test:  input a file object that may contain the edges of the with statement .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  null   input
truth:  return   a

test:  return a file-like object from a shuffled line .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper for the given module in the given module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function to get the current database .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a account with the given username and if it exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check if subprocess is an subprocess and recall .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return a directory path of the current hole .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   options
truth:  extract   a

test:  choose an list or tanh(x) algorithm and normal distribution .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a tenant to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [servers] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a new theano size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  verify if all regions are currently associated with the given instance .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  if   method
truth:  report   report

test:  sets the runtime environment as they were loaded in this package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  set   up

test:  return a normalized structure representation of the raw floats .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test that shape of non tuples are equal .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pack a list of absolute bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the value into a variable .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb component of a mongodb installation .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager for current working directory and cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  return equation for rectangular dot .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get a catch for use in tests .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the full hash for a list of possible .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  find   torrent

test:  take a string and return a mapper object .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  take   a
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the signal from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expression generated by displaying the data .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  return   in
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file by interface .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all of the packages bound to a specific zone cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   everything

test:  sets the existing figure with the existing image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   version

test:  this function returns the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  run a function using a function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get the a truncated date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename is a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  pylint a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  calls   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of undefined test directories present in this format:: .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  access control keys and values from yaml .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   ordereddict
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns statement similarity against a list of wordnet words .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return length of pregnancy length in the given epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse the global policy records .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   policies

test:  check if partition exists for an devices .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  unsubscribe for the given plugin handler .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  copy   dict
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits changes to the transaction state of managed connection .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  run   sets
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert a list of byte strings into a printable byte array .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to return the specified instance to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   synonym
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro attribute file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current user uid .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an cnt cnt string into dns encoded string .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros left and "right_pad" output .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test the version of the fibonacci method .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes x .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email this creates a feedback email to the system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   return
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return the widget directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   widgets
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  retrieves a value of a single task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  load parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  init   null
truth:  error   error

test:  returns the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  returns   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent in the body: name: in the elasticsearch memoize .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  takes   i
truth:  null   i

test:  retrieve up a unique key .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  look   up

test:  compare item from 008 .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the line number in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert small in n to an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  translate   a

test:  creates a token at login to the pack cli example: .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  converts a numpy array from pil files to a numpy array .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  delete an ssh service cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert multiplier to certain compression tuples .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  model   method
truth:  null   calculation

test:  when a user is memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  return   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  context manager to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django to load django django django .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  insert a library into the directory path for a given version .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic name .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  given a collection of rights ids .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  given   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find out the commits of the given contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  find   one
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates the value of a configuration option with the frame spec .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a file given a filename or a class .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in the loop list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  name the systemd packages with the given name the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes the model view as a trailing fields .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  model   a
truth:  null   null

test:  does not contain a string .
truth: print line . 
test:  does   value
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the value is valid and group groups from the group form .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  given a dict of dataunitsmustbewithin .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the full url from utf8 .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the analysis of the raw data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a space or unicode instance into a unicode based on defined scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a masked array for x .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   return
truth:  order   order

test:  temporarily change the proxy function to the proxy function .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   existence
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns an absolute url matching malformedargumentstotag"{}"' - has an absolute url first argument .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  template   template

test:  list all http connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  list   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the database has an seqret environment .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds more easily implementation to a function .
truth: log os . 
test:  adds   error
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function at the given function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  merges dictionary keys from dictionary to be used .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shortcut to create a vfs .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  compares   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  compute figures attributes for most of each method is consistent fit .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   upload
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip is a valid ip for ip address .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts the python 2 .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  if :type x is configure .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get rid of image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  replaces   depth
truth:  change   change

test:  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a string containing errors from the desired options .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  takes   key
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the current entry definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a value in bytes to long as string .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  take   a

test:  return the reason .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  return   routine
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the default app with sphinx context .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  logging   linear
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return those editable editable editable operator .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  module   information
truth:  converts   v

test:  usage: and saves an explorations as contactssample .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  when a url is retrieved its %s with existing api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  using   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return draft status for subtree .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  module   page
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  wrapper to execute all old queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  null   testenvironment
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse an http region object from a list of values .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  one code for parametrized .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  code   photo
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the list of files that are present in the given file .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a 2-d matrix to compute the vectors matrix parameters indices : int the number of points .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  return   version
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify and/or directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read filepath in as a file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the predicate of the given object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   a

test:  register the given file .
truth: on windows . 
test:  adds   data
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the mysql has a database in the currently set .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the given repo .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the half works .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   callback
truth:  run   flake8

test:  relative strength index .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  rate   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage device to attach the new server name volume to attach cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   start
truth:  attach   a

test:  safe_urlencode a feature to be used .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change an action keyword list to a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the sorted status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  count   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  find out the provided targets for the system .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  find   wrapper
truth:  search   search

test:  decorator that skips a test if module does not raise skiptest .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  verify   null

test:  show options that are the right sparsedataframe .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  darken   task
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  the entry point for the first argument passed to the queue .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   page
truth:  provides   null

test:  return a config object for an ssh environment config .
truth: given a server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an token list of all networks / case of the given network interface .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the attributes we can try to have the table optimize .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a basic element for monit .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  null   data
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location to use .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start the client information .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  start   prints
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the value of a counter policy section from to be removed .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by the task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  runs the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   dfs
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  provides   language
truth:  post   a

test:  return a users cohort for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load a context dictionary using the data specified .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   ldap
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates thumbnail objects for the given server .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   values
truth:  create   a

test:  a replacement function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compile fnclex .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  =   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  extract the most of namespaces from request .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the git float separator to a float .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an iterator to a class instance based on the data class .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  choose   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process wrap mass form for tasks and milestones form .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  wrap   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random rng params .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default urlconf from the url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the base ports associated with the given port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the value of a variable in the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  replace   value
truth:  get   get

test:  walk up the path out of a musicbrainz subdirectory .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  archive   sources

test:  color color color as string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  color   a
truth:  get   a

test:  call long files in the signal .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  signal   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans up removed%soldinputcaches for database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  make unicode or unicode for a python object .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare two dictionaries using b .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the list of patterns are available or not the exactly patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  return   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the config file and create a new directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  null   get
truth:  move   move

test:  reads global config settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  reads   in
truth:  read   read

test:  check if the history were loaded correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the specified cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system metadata .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  del   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a subscription client from the topic subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get http auth response for http response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with decision-tree .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   update
truth:  count   count

test:  search for loading .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of a binary image .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compile dictionary as provided by default .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield possible or more untrusted files .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  admin_passwd if a test has the correct test if a attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  every entry in an rgb sequence of epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  null   update
truth:  prepare   null

test:  accepts a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  cleans   xml
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  return the current time zone .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  displays   null

test:  visit the node name in an html node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  accepts   fix
truth:  register   a

test:  parse consecutive data to a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   methods
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert hex string to a copy of parseable .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a graph object to a map .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  normalizes   replace
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  parse millesconds from python 2 .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all the vms that are on the specified vm cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a variable is greater than b .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   return
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes scene messages for all scene info contained on database .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  scans   metadata
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all the clustering of the given header and data from filename to compile the same filename as one .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  export requests for facility database .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  export   conversion
truth:  create   create

test:  writes the current contents of the file chunk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  writes   update
truth:  write   a

test:  solve the inverse of a matrix or real object .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  is   solve
truth:  solve   real

test:  which person the person page .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  group group of a variable .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script set environment variables to the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <blame+upstream+committers+plugin> .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   stash

test:  the site page for site .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a module-level site with the current site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  fetch   signal
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a repository from the tool shed side for the specified tool shed use .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  determine the list of api on given api .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  determine   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a generator yielding a list of tuples .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   call
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system information for off the drac cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   system

test:  return the suggest database object .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  creates   null

test:  sleep the random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates an application which is uniquely identified by an application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return true if a url is ipsecsiteconnection .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  joins   a

test:  a unique name is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds and returns for the lsi or bus .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  multivariate caching caching positive variables .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all given commands on the given node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall app used or enable shutdown .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  calculates the values of the mean of the values in s .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the tar from the given path and language code .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   everything

test:  looks up and ]]] mappings for the given object .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  defines   serialize
truth:  given   null

test:  setup the handler; of a simple vm .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test labels line option .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  time   test
truth:  test   test

test:  expand the root rows for the given s3 .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the path to the temporary directory .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  list   running
truth:  return   return

test:  logs an error message for a file .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  writes   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   function
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieves the csp headers .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create a factory which will run both the factory and ids in the factory which will also be included in the blank user have to the blank auth to the
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively look up any .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  return   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  call   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  iterates over registered accounts .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary disabling the chdir to the given chdir .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  make the absolute difference between an object .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the direct directory has a tty .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of string in the given string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  get <phrase> readings .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  get   error
truth:  return   return

test:  does a flume request of the given server on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  helper method to get cache object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap a call to cause default arguments .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  dictionary   data
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html matches the given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   html
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the name of the visualization pack .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add new weeks to the simple headers .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   call
truth:  add   a

test:  create a temp file using bound to given prefix .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   null
truth:  content   content

test:  send u'weinsertintotable' into a sparse test .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  certificate   deete
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of all raw sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat calls - args - works with specified arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the main function .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns a random numbers that will be used to store the given parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build the pants directory path .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  build   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs everything from the home assistant api .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  installs   null
truth:  install   install

test:  creates a new soap urn .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  return   a

test:  format a message specification into a complete one response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return true if the given state has a database to state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distance between 4 works with expected member and the expected argument .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  the main function .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  gets the json value .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  decodes   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the handlers from the master .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  start   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  convert a l{safe_str} object into an :) object .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   val
truth:  converts   back

test:  helper function for creating a new setuptools operations .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator for temporarily setting a function into the given argument .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears out values from the key .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  log own creation of logged in the test that any of the instance works .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns an iterable with utf-8 bytes and a str containing utf-8 .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  mount paths to the dll .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  mount   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  word -> string return a wrapped text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  a decorator for adding a user to a collection of metadata .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  config_gen directly region .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  object   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator to specify that a method is not a valid simple check .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a private key for a pem key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a normalized frequency array for the non-singleton human readable format .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  get   log
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config from host in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   networks

test:  decorator to run the current transaction management management management for a given transaction .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  compute the errors decorator for the specified size .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return current request limit .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   new
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to be used in the specified method .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  determine the directional of a log header log of one log to the nearest octet of the input *number* .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  determine   version
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for information in the absorb .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  return true if lock is in lock .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  return a list of selected weighted paths for selected .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  compute collapsed_df angle for circular circular helper .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  execute ldap for pillar and read the data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  modify the positive integer entries of a python list .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  extract   split
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate matching strings to a good cert .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  function   searches
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  utility method to get a dict of arbitrary objects .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  recursively resolve a free server and all of the server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculates a list of possible to have the desired iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  yield   batches

test:  implementation taxes for taking taxes of money controlled .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  compounded   stores
truth:  added   stack

test:  update the directory on which the addon file will update all of the addon files exist .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  update   files
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile a regular expression .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the setting of pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates library .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   parse
truth:  updates   course

test:  will connect to a function .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  code   metrics
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse the module tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  build   build

test:  returns proper task id for the task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests the sigmoid value of an error .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add simplified loop to fill the plane loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  perform ast and a really list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function finds the user object from the datastore .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   a

test:  adds value to int .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  default   in
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a connected connected components of graph g from s .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a simple generator that will generate a generator of nodes of the given series .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  random one or more chars of a string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  random_product   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute md5 array of functions contained within the numpy level .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new taguri .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return dict of zones from node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration and fix the opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   data
truth:  -   -

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode ip for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model creation .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return information on a sound return value for a given host:port or buf: .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  indexing indexing of indexing with the arguments .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   no
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear metadata for all the sessions of the model .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clears   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  decorator which manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  tests instances of instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  tests   set
truth:  split   split

test:  test that the existing project cant be removed with a store_fs or openstack .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create the actual api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  looks   get
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the source tag from the neighborhood of source .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  read a inferred from a ros file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  read   data
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: heavy-job check files to the build as an xcode project .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if v is a pure of v .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   multiplication
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the configuration variables are valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  if   version
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test no cdf can be initialized at a specific number .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  evaluates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all associated quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the trimmed version of the values in the input array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  code   normalizes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add the point to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check clusterer .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   mark
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the second kind of the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  raft complete .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  form   returns
truth:  reset   reset

test:  coerce a background array of length nobs^ .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   rgba

test:  prepares an grafana axes .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  null   python

test:  create a dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  initializes the state for the transaction_objects() interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  configure   interface
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   column
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check the the *seq* of a given database .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the tan value of the given array x .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  returns   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  display a custom certificate encoding .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  display   render
truth:  picks   picks

test:  yield successive character matches matches the given character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  make a json string to json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the randomsymbols whose symbol matches a random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  get a list of eventrenderers from available event .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  get   events
truth:  return   a

test:  create a smart topic function of a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  validate the partition partition that was located on partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  rescue   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  computes the log moments moments of a log order .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  at the inverse function for decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  given a module name and its dig-specific modules below it .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  return   django
truth:  try   try

test:  create the average needs to m1 mode for a average .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  create   add
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  create a pipeline from the given pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return true if obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of output objects that do not have completed to the given output of each of the output table .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing one big value from the same maximum games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   returns
truth:  combines   a

test:  return a list of installed sensor sensor sensor sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   port
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the repository representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the path to hdfs .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query of all projects that we have written to retrieve the projects .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  make the current request over the admin app .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  make   render
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all missing constraints from a missing table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  get the global connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  support   support

test:  traverses an image installed .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  listen   entry
truth:  return   return

test:  test dlg .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a job is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of followers of the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   s
truth:  return   a

test:  add color for color to output .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  color   in
truth:  prints   a

test:  remove an out of data from the data for sys .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the service services and arguments .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  get   iterator
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the class by the given name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the value is a positive configuration .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates the given python version .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  return   python

test:  return the value of a single targets that or esxi uses the files supplied by the argument .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the nest attribute of the current device .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   use
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns the file name based on by^2 .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attribute from the course modification .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test adding volume labels .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a function inside a incomplete_acc_max_days requisite .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   statement
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of all visible devices from the given sequence of fields .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract integer body from requests webob .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  restores   property
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the nth rotation matrix from a float specified by default .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate and return a floating point cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  validate   html
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  with suds manages uses the form dir() character .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  function   get
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return whether the object passed in string is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an executable .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return a name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate deap link to page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  generate   resolves
truth:  null   null

test:  save the current directory to be finalized .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   project
truth:  save   null

test:  test that a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  null   null

test:  receiver for a user handlers and a entered user handlers if necessary .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the certain python option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  check action to execution policy corresponding to action .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the status .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the server should be invalid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   updates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make request to be updated with the backend .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  request   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string of words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  return   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  wrapper to world world dict .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   string
truth:  make   a

test:  create an version version of the specified version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  create   null
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  test for a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   build
truth:  returns   np

test:  as time in milliseconds since http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   null

test:  dummy implementation of thread .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the value for the specified batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -1 descent descent unit test .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  build the appropriate after token and doctypes .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid tlib .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test all of the variables in a true iff rewrite the right variables .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  null   system
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a set of workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   string
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper function to get data from the kb kb .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  function   get
truth:  perform   null

test:  return status of nonelog if available .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  extract   filename
truth:  locate   null

test:  return true if .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  format   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that the config file from google storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  if the password prompt for py_xor() prompt .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get the faces from a triangle mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a pyenv command with pyenv shims from the given path path to its windows command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   interface
truth:  execute   a

test:  calculate the positions of mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   mean
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine an object in a list .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   elementwise
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all of the plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  mark an exception as log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file are formatted minimally by the last line of each line .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  function   format
truth:  parse   data

test:  test that observer cannot cause event with a relative event defaults and that observer the observer defaults .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run the post data fixtures: .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a process .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  gets static files for console .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that calls python function only on python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a method at method if any time is available .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a long template path to a file .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  map   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the -s keys .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   a

test:  make integer of weeks of weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  make   return
truth:  format   format

test:  create a fanout .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to get the name for a module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   import
truth:  import   a

test:  return the zerovects vector where each vectors are vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  get   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns users signing token .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  configures   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract dates into rule dictionary that are rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  bytes   return
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a collection of permissions to a list of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device name for the current thread .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  check that the mf of nanoseconds is preserved in the i:length of nanoseconds .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the specified message was logged in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  running   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  get a applications applications by the current application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  null   one

test:  requests of the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function of real-order and derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check that the ref ref is valid .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   color
truth:  check   check

test:  generate anchor tag for accumulator[pantsmark] from page .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get branch matching the key word .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   branch
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns the list of lengths from the given id .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path in a list of path directories .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the search for specified file .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a network model instance for the vhost .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   null
truth:  populate   a

test:  determine the incoming port .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  determine   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  a coroutine to search the exception and their match .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  updates the zen for the given content_type .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  updates   user
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return path of config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  default   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  internal helper that takes a string that can be used to convert to a bug .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of the names of the given pdb .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test transform transform compatibility .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   images
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that when no conversion works in no conversion .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   args
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the maximum policy specified for the domain .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  expected inclusion_one_default __doc__ .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  expected   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a str literal as invalid value used to mean exactly a typo if a valid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns syslog name for the syslog executable .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  report the event handler to exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  collect all the plugins from a site at a given name .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  collect   set
truth:  install   a

test:  process the entire random source of a process into a given process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  process   python
truth:  use   use

test:  ensure the path to the beginning of the user matches the hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the image loops in a list .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision of the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a param for the application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  signals abuse fields .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  null   bitmap
truth:  perform   null

test:  return a string in n format numeric characters .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  get the character from the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates the email address .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  follow   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a new abi object to a datetime object .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  returns a tuple of regex values .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called only time the main plugin is sent .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  tell   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  edit a problem type param .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  edits   null

test:  returns a string representation of the registry .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return all dependencies for all python source files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   handle
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the requests data from the filepath cli example: .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  start a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned as an openstack container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the correct include path of this yaml .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of urls that are referenced by the given popular .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple test for a task with ok=false .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  uniformly -> l-p | > | probabilities .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  null   histogram
truth:  return   return

test:  generate test freeze with options .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of dict-like rules from a collection of a list of their rules .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  schedule an week url in the given week .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  maps   updates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a valid console filename .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  save   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  override the index of the tree .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  comma   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new tree .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  test decorator to run a test if a test is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configure the old input data .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   pad
truth:  configure   configure

test:  wrap thread with an tokenized field .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  import an object descriptor .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  module   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  verifies an xml-escaped route .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  ensure   normalizes
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test some more filters inheritance .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe volumes from ec2 .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  host   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if the given status is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  cgl control pointer of the user to listen .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  if   check

test:  return an ansi string assets that break the vm at the same directory .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  return   format
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove abbreviated files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check for get_channel_programs(8): 'py' for linux model creation .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  check   configures
truth:  preload   a

test:  check if a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  if   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the path to the directory that doesnt already exist .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check 340 .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  debug fixture to be called once when the debug has been set .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  debug   change
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if the image exists .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   a

test:  a string of str .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a basic log loop for webhook migration .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  ensure that the keys of *node* .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   a

test:  strategic pretty-printing .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  sets items in target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  sets   sort
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check whether a user has access to the given profile .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create multiple dataframe by drawdowns iterator .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this function will return the default key for the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  default   return
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get a list of all permissions for a given list of permissions .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return int as a boolean to a string .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  correct   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller - restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert all the source nodes in the given node with the given data structure .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  color   null
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses a list of warnings from a votable table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the image of a given image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts im to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   call
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return the vms information on this hyper cli example: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables for logging with a particular pid .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   whitespace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  a simple sort items in the given iterable .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  determines   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return information about the named group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  return   members
truth:  replaces   members

test:  keep each pixel of a dag .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a string to a datetime object .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  list database objects .
truth: available major . 
test:  sort   search
truth:  null   null

test:  a custom implementation of basic litterals .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session to ensure the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  log log sequence of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  log   logging
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in each tag .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new fieldset instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the string representation of a given thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  plots the time along the human readable units .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  seconds   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the mock requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate from a string and return a python certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return protocol and bad tool shed tool from url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   value
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string expr to the expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   python
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  endpoint   index
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set a alarm string .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  creates the datastore pkg_add(1) url .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  init   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  this is the cross-entropy value of a single continuesdb .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  get the blobs of the input page and response .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  returns the right class for given pandas pandas to the function .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  get   return
truth:  using   null

test:  render a data structure from the wrapped failure .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   context
truth:  render   render

test:  get a valid date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns url to mask for a string .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  url   try
truth:  url   url

test:  look django .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  new locale from an attachment_specs and returns a dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a csv to generate a given task containing the executive summary dict and callable .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test server daemon .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  null   server
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the entire index of the head key and its dependents .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the supplied coefficient of p .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  return lowercased code .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the offset in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an s3 object to this file from this file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the current time in seconds .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  fetches   time
truth:  return   unix

test:  converts basic logger into the logger policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  set   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  this is a function that can be used to mark functions as an utils .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  show the dictionary from the shared stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  change   call
truth:  get   get

test:  checks the list of refs in the associated api .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the byte angle of a byte string .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  finds   null

test:  temporarily reset alarm during iterm2 conditions .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  signals   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a stringified empty file into shutilif .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a python value .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  given   add
truth:  infer   a

test:  expand an object into a standardized key .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   xml
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test getting nested objects .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   null
truth:  nested   test

test:  creates new plugin directories for all config directories .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the path of environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that latex_to_png_dvipng get mangling to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  gets rid of results and its parameters .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only load on apt-based systems .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the number of bits needed to encode a certain varint .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with an arcsin distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of snapshots for a snapshot that can be used to get a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   attempts
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that signal handler does not have a valid workflow code .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  get the sample size of the current thread .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  display   return
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the volume size in the graph between edges .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode the given base64 string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  mutual feature based on numpy fit the vectors factors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  project   a

test:  delete all database tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  disable   method
truth:  is   null

test:  gets the current compiler directories .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  expression : lparen expression rparen .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a python slice to a cluster .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  null   adjust
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns default weight initializer for weights or bias of a initializer module .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around decode-url .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message helper .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a and b .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model at the center of the pixel .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified ruby is installed with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a resource provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a product to see if the locale for more serializable or equal to a product of the locale at the locale table .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an :class: .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  null   class

test:  fix the gui cache into the python environment under all indexed .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  make sure that theres minute with gmt .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the 1d strings are equal .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  if   return
truth:  transform   a

test:  considering if x is within the array and a numpy array .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  if   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  format the format size in bytes to human readable format .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  connect to proxy .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  start   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns the file name from the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the list of all objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  set   metadata
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the path exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new array of data .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  -f --> scripts .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  null   build
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a python version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the lazy metadata for a request - doesnt exist .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   echo
truth:  context   processor

test:  call some command in a given shadowimage manner .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   python
truth:  call   call

test:  take a user label and parse its app_label .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a dict describing callable that are not a list of properties .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file is set up to the directory .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  determine   try
truth:  to   try

test:  a exit error messages to make printing an error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  test   test

test:  if the given function node is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the input src of a filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  add a tensor entropy .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  log out what user is valid .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   info
truth:  log   events

test:  open a file .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   need
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of new-style class names .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all the items in the group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  null   elements

test:  returns a compiled text for the given *typ* .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  translates the first row and col status code to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  translates   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  return   a

test:  return input input after the user .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  normalize the given image by adding the signature to certain channel .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  normalize   create
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   current
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the google cloud storage service .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  map   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for a mathjax page to be used on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the output from the feed functions used to be at the level of the given feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if the module is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  if   return
truth:  requires   requires

test:  ensure changes from the given label on the given label using the given label .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  return the information about the specified server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  normalizes string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  perform   value
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the points with the loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse an xml file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse the python source file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  for template .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  set up the entries of a inspired by operation on the passed id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  pack an object into a binary file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns the version of a version string .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  set   compare
truth:  return   tshark

test:  parse options and gives an argument .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image directly into the items directory .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  delete all filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the index of an array along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  takes   elements

test:  list all extension .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  consume lock class based on resource class class class .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  host   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a role for a group on a domain or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract attributes: compatible with annotations .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  build   up

test:  return info about an image uuid : string image to be installed for boot cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  set a message to long and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  used to get the cached cache object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the variable variables exist in the make .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   run
truth:  test   test

test:  send an event for the high parser .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect x .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback to the init .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  generate a timeout page for all errors present within the given request .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  generates   controller
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   fetch
truth:  destroy   null

test:  the state is not empty and the state output .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  null   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  apply and creates a keyinfo rotation from the same arguments .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  changes   shift
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirect to the appropriate support support page with the given response .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   current
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily fopen all code to be finalized .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   update
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generates an always digest .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the mode value from a mode value .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: like repr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find key for a category with the given name .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   channel

test:  return a sqlite3 aliased for an event .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  automatically authenticate users .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a terminate offset for a playlist .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  translate   hybi-00
truth:  parse   parse

test:  try to dump a code file from a code file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  executes the quickdeploy revision on the server .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group member page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  return all options for a vm vm : string vm to be targeted key : string vm to be targeted or screenshot -- default: nmi key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  delete   send
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch image members associated with the given target .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  validate that value is a raw document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if arg is an int .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert function .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of all nodes that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of regexes names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute svd .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  find   find

test:  convert uri to a file .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorate a method such that the current request / encoded method weve .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns the layer name and its python result .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  returns   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  return the non-nested inputs from image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters in the current request .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  returns true if the node has first a storage and post g .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  parameters non-gapped .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates an explicit operation record connected to the device .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   parse
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in a directed graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate that value is valid .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  check   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  sets the dict representation of the given lun id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  builds   null

test:  fuzzy utility function of n .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the serial increasing of the serial file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a number from a 7777 encoded .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  parse the passed in json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a given url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  use this to create a fake lock and merge the desired lock .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  returns the downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if numpy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  null   in
truth:  check   check

test:  p-value up an image and returns the number of layers .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  simple function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  transform the convergence rich with the current loop to print all rich values .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the url of service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  lock   get
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return the actual name corresponding to the file .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  given the asset url and an absolute asset url .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  the new interable of a new module and permissions" with a kwarg .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  base   a
truth:  sampling   null

test:  upgrade upgrade user .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new django class and contribute .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   class
truth:  returns   a

test:  check python from temporary directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  null   python
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a directory from the system name path to the container name the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin sets the jenkins to every build .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a us string into a us timestamp of the cputime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  open an session key for %}1 session .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  helper for bermudez .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a file path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find a new migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clears option dictionary with the specified cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the win32 menu path in the keyname .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries into a single mapping .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   definition
truth:  merge   struct

test:  get the list of images from iterable .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator that generates the spline low of an undirected tensor .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check autoregressive for time or numpy array with different icrs<->gcrs .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   test
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper for func1 or none .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a double function that return a double function that returns a double console .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   check
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find files in a dict of files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   get
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the path to the directory of a file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the explicit new _find_iso_sr to see which the specified adgroup .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   mark
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the plot in the given plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  shows   shows

test:  test certain host-name object - new-style quadratic one partition .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  middleware   issue
truth:  create   a

test:  set the user and plot the given axis .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  set   title
truth:  function   function

test:  test writing of info']['his buttons .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   test
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  set the global header .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  set   call
truth:  function   function

test:  load a template document .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  render   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a value to the config file .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   a

test:  convert events to noise format .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  convert   graph
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles hosts defined in a tuple .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function of real-order and derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  generate crc-32c checksum of two answer .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  computes   a

test:  return output of newline separated by default .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  output   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a positive integer type .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a boolean with user == a query .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that bad an input file which is not accepted by bad characters .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  header   header

test:  pulls a dictionary with objects and creates a html of data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return true if size is sizefilter or equal to or equal .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  return   check
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the user authentication only for event eg .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  setup   periodogram
truth:  let   null

test:  decode a free value using the given imageproperty .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns whether expr is a rational function for expr a rational test .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  find all relevant values whose value is a dictionary of relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  find   name
truth:  return   a

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove task from a module .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   task
truth:  given   task

test:  replace placeholders in an sql statement with get_credentials .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can change this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test whether a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named file and place them into the tree_base .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  return the absolute test directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  fetch the templates provided in src to a cuda template .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a 007 code .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with all the keys in dictionaries a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  be   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split the radial_gradient .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  return a libcloud for sentence between axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or its successive system .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   process
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  returns the error and log from a machine .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  unregisters with remote server .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  password   password

test:  a helper function that creates text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  wraps   process
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test tests from all the entire test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable the list of tuples .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  generate c 0saved .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a command to a floating point number .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   print

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   register
truth:  register   a

test:  verify that smash get a test directory doesnt need dependencies as a file dependencies are set out .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named comment does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the currently supported 'initialized' command .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  to be used in camelcase .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network networks for the bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server:port combination is a server cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can check whether user can check whether user repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that a single instead of predictions estimator .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return worker(s) .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test that nt length works .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize up the given encoding name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  normalize   command
truth:  lookup   up

test:  return the number of multipolar n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  join   estimate
truth:  return   return

test:  return the enabled theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   current

test:  chdir to skip test runner when a test .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a dict of information for the attribute .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  output   parameter

test:  check that the tpot method signature transforms an open test .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  check   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test subtraction qt serviceprovider .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  server   qt
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook from an entry .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the polynomial remainder of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an appropriate performance network .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group if he isnt an shutting user .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  do all identity targets to the target .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  do   method
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if all inline values are any of the given config .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sort a collection summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an order by name on the datastore .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  create   place
truth:  place   place

test:  performs a list of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   pyopengl
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  get the app_label class .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  vertices in a sparse matrix between nodes .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  return   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database name database name the database name to remove user the user host the user to connect to port the user host the port to connect as port
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a header from the header whose th are of the header values .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  remove   remove

test:  testing the output of a successful feature .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a simple attribute to the simple cell .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   sending
truth:  adds   null

test:  get a queryset name of bench art .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run run on node .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   one
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding paths of the transformed paths .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute degreereturn kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete or delete server from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  restart   one
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix testcase in /proc/net/* .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  module homepage .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  module   elements
truth:  read   a

test:  return hipchat primary link for doctype .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   values
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   obj
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a new page to make it easier .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   equation
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the redis time .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of matching objects for a given provider .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test classes on an object .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create an entry for each fastq element in behave based on header .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate standard uniform string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  open the specified username from the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  loop the inverse of the mean sizes .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the login page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  mark the data as a namedtuple of the data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of raw view view view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  create   null
truth:  has   django

test:  exponential clip .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  return a bug version of the given filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  return a large data file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   file
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed sample of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a driver .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   a

test:  return the __doc__ of two dimensional and a set of length ids .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  return   expressions
truth:  split   a

test:  register a sorted distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  null   a
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation with pyenv .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   return
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack lists of tensors to list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  stack   arg
truth:  pack   variables

test:  models are checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  ensure   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom permissions for a module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  builds   data
truth:  module   module

test:  return a directed network of nodes of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape partial html characters in text to the given parameter .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   run
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of the current about the given dict .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the name of the css group that contains selected modes .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  skip an iterator by applying the re of a multiline manner .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  null   seq
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check if files have a boolean .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log an error message with a given name .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  gets the base directory that can be used to check if a particular path is a base style .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights for the given collection_id .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  convert a row to a checked row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  construct a format of a tile row .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  unicode function to decode from wikisyntax .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  function   reverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  write files .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should not resolve if exception if given .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  exit   exit

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a first sequence of variables with its nice precision .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a pathname | enum_item field_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a matplotlib line parameters y : matplotlib y routine .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  flush log files from wrap=true if it doesnt exist .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  debugging   create
truth:  write   a

test:  add a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not own these systems .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  add   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  updates the specified error path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  true if the specified url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the metadata method to read the current request object .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  salesource delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  builds the position of a list .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single reformatted view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  serve permission from the defined file .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves the full path to default parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  decorator that raises an exception if desired .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  null   null

test:  return all runtime http user cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   set
truth:  get   get

test:  creates open option in a new option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  concatenate tasks .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  context   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return module name for a given number or number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the group expression for any expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the default web environment .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install all logging on the given node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   files
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  looks to see if host is present .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  generates   fill
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return device pointer to the device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a time zone aware datetime to the number of seconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the half of the linux distribution .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   mark
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  disjoint a cluster definition .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  cleanup the color of a univariate polynomial .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap packets with specified parent .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the versions of the named package available for each package available .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that you can be valid and valid certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  auxiliary script files .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  adjust   files
truth:  files   files

test:  add a protobuf into orange entities .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  draw random prng from a sequence of unusable probabilities .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  sample   calculate
truth:  draws   null

test:  convert the x logs into the kicks logs before using the x .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  displays   implementation
truth:  get   get

test:  splits a list of tuples to get rid of reachable difference between 2 matched args: logged-in : datetime objects .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  use   position
truth:  determines   null

test:  test both the registry and flag are properly used .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get the geometry options from event .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   virtual
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the gw ip address passed in the given subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read data from a file and return as a numpy string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   redirects
truth:  read   json

test:  this turns off of incoming entities .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   test

test:  given a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  given   volume
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return linux record in sqlalchemy topic .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  return a 'runalltests' error of --run-without-docker keyword argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  add   a

test:  using bem .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that args .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   group
truth:  check   check

test:  return an xml element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  do   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  validate permissions to the project or directory env .
truth: return env . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return a sequence of elements of a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  url   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  return the value based on the user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  example token .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  initialize   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  return the default component of the api .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   a

test:  return the given stream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  set the channel that are loaded on the entropy .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  set   file
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the blobstore function to be used with scenario 2 and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  function   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter controller - all outbound twitter messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  translate the user .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the specified service is available at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split objective objective objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this will return if the theme current request is currently configured to send returns: bool: true .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find the declarative level that start at a list of rules .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  sets the completions directory to show all the completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke an existing privileges to a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form form and log view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   detail
truth:  project   version

test:  returns a repeatable subclass for this protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  make   a

test:  this function .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  null   a

test:  get an visible or raise if it does not exist .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  get a undo .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return yes or unnecessary arguments .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of series return the series expansion of p examples .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the vdi stored in the vdi .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  start start the application .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   null

test:  creates an translations in the prefix .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  adds   a

test:  use a decorator to make sure a model is loaded from a future .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  use   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  regular expression manager .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   question
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a string .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  generates   range
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs together class works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the currently being registered with a given message .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  the tool require the proper tool .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform resource uri to a path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  assert that a and a dictionary of pairs sorted by static .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   sets
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the server cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  if no .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create filename from files unless its in hdf5 .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  delete all the unused unused task name for post messages .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   tasks
truth:  to   job

test:  displays a cookie .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  vertices vertices in directed format to build the middle .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  source   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  normalize the data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_eval_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns only the filters matching the filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   user

test:  return a radon url from its parameters .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  approximation to the natural function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  return the current server unix server cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  this method performs the courseware page as a list of topics .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a function using daemonic .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  point   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  resolve a string or true (1) a variable .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the tags from the comment tags .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  returns   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  normalize all consecutive arguments .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  requests reset of students for a background task as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   generation
truth:  to   request

test:  test of small methods with a given expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the aborts flow for an ec2 device .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing an old using same canonical using a tool .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a new cluster entry .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  the highest version of versions of a function .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classification

test:  returns a dictionary of pairs from an ordered dict the key each key .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  return a set of users on the given password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  set   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of unique sls items for a given sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  scan   scan

test:  change the list of flock codes .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  change   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that task mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  null   classes

test:  given a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  given   results
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  ensure that a setuptools factory to access a given url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  send virtual environment .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of colors in the order given a list of nodes .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string representation of the format of the 5-minute date .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   rules
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return whether the process is enabled .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the traceback object .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  has   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return list of all python modules that are in the given directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   list
truth:  yield   path

test:  get all azs describe .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open the first file from a file at name .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  works   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that the average of a string is properly handled .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  ensure   testing
truth:  colorized   test

test:  removes a custom error .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  removes   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to utf-8 .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  compute members for a model with the direction-w .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to the meaning of life .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return a list of gradient n bits .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  helper method that parses data from the datastore .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  null   data
truth:  get   data

test:  returns a dict of bucket names that can be used to create a accesses xblock .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  the smallest number of function .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  concatenate many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  concatenate   merge
truth:  null   bag

test:  adds datetime to time field .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  lists   manager
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  compute the permutes state for this model .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation of a class the string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the x rank of two quaternions class="key">a</span> .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  a resource into the right folders defined in the underlying area .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  null   null
truth:  need   need

test:  produce all files for renamed and renamed .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the list of all available themes .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send ancillary socket of data on socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  send   wrap
truth:  receive   a

test:  return the datastore specified in the datastore .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  if the task prompt are in a task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  if   update
truth:  clone   a

test:  uses the default files changed .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  uses   compare
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting known bugs .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return reduce version from |files| thread .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the url is an absolute or ftp .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the priority name with the given name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a windows timestamp to utc .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  inspects an array of floats scores via numpy array .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  a decorator that will initialise the scenario that places load requests .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the operation value .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   time
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout libs exist .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   no
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the unix socket .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   assert
truth:  fix   fix

test:  check users with one certificate .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture to enable a 'etree' a request or indent of protocols .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  if   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to get parameters from redditor parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  url   return
truth:  null   version

test:  returns true if path can be a absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the save report method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return a list of interfaces cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get repository metadata for a repository on a specific repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager that adds an enabled request to a previous request .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  get valid basename from item .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   use
truth:  split   split

test:  checks if the process is running .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  run the selected compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  run   class
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check linux and port using the mysqls .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  converts   test
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit everything required to a name cli example: .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the population product of the elements of the earths shanks transformation such that f .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the clade site for sites model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parse   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel information section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  rebuild a path using the doctype 2 .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  verify an http proxy for the root host of root .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  verify   files
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively traverse the given tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return a ]row tree from the prepared tree .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  writes the exceptions raised by datacite out an error if the passed error is more easily be invalid .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  verifies that the options passed in the form is a legacy tag .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield a string or stack of sleeps .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  validate urls .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to confirmation actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  concatenate all symbols in the given iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   type
truth:  yield   null

test:  get a list of stored configuration from a path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  sample an randomseed step which is the same as the product algorithm .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  if arg is unavailable .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  arg   argument
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if system is running on stdout .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  helper to compute a multiplication polynomial from old operations .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   return
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set the maximum number of idle activation cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the sequence of a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  '%slayercount%s the else string by procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   dict
truth:  print   print

test:  return the generalized transform of two floating point by using the first .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a master with the correct configuration .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  return   one
truth:  build   docs

test:  loads the javascript code .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value of a particular path .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of objects may contain a python data structure .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts multiple of multiple keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  tests   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  return list of 'migrate' noinput :type include_state string .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  display   union
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate arma test parameters ar : array_like coefficients lag : array_like autoregressive lag : managed ar : array_like the range of lagpolynomial with diagonal ar : array_like the equations process
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  simulate   multivariate
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return repository contains repositories from a repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  to   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  default implementation of default to current form for a number of default .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  default   default
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine on opennebula .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  computes 'approval message in nice httpresponseredirect .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  rate   access
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  push a user id and push it to user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  has   returns
truth:  records   records

test:  run a command from args .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  compute kernel and y function inplace .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the type name for a cffi function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the process of chinese .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  null   check
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a package with egg .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   check
truth:  test   user

test:  returns one of each line in feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  endpoint   string
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop the authnstatement if one exists .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a list of object on obj and returns the corresponding unicode objects .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump a route53 launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return lowess nn with an array of k coefficients .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  weighted   update
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  return the disk logs to use for a file to save .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a byte sequence .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  convert the given role .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the computer message on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  least squares function for the x and returns a 2-d array .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts x in a sequence of tuples to a slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  choose a multipart field .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  send   return
truth:  encode   a

test:  return an asset id that represents a timestamp part .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the available hub sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of analytics revisions for the given analytics date .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   in
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a version ports with the given ipv6 ipv6 header object .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to catch the command-line http http requests .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  returns   manager
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the positive string .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  send the cli example: .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  setup a test unless the web api call to specify a previous warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  setup   warning
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register the entry in the feature .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   add
truth:  register   a

test:  return a list of command-line domains from the domain name and domain name when the domain name is created .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   split
truth:  registers   new

test:  add an existing setting setting to the provided settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the messages stored in the cookie object or cookie relationship .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the influx sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly extract a single step string into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator shows the attribute of an xml attribute for all roles that has the valid attribute .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert free ori ori status strings into fixed ori .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  if   check

test:  generates x using a polynomial of degree n n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   group
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  return the authentication url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   function
truth:  try   try

test:  return the section from a file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  checks if the args passed in the numpy argument to the properly .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads a persistent session and return parsed session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  loads   open
truth:  return   return

test:  processes x that arent a byte string or python element .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  null   long
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  just like downhill data .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  launch   load
truth:  load   load

test:  if the current line is authorized to the corresponding method .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new username of the local user .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  ensures that a string of text .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  ensures   step
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  block   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that parallel and newlines are correctly .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   series_or_df
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the function f to a video/audio clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  if   null

test:  test that matlab function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone bound to find a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   interface
truth:  remove   remove

test:  response response to parallel across the response body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   context
truth:  wrap   response

test:  set course items in the course for each course .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  set   information
truth:  null   a

test:  generate doctest tests for the z3 test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is a iterable object .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the template page of the request .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  null   templates
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect the signals errors out of the comment definitions .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   model
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  test whether obj is a set of tuples .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  test   in
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   wrap
truth:  read   a

test:  move the root vdis into the provided list .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  move   in
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick only fields .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  default   stim

test:  clears a single command line and create the new value .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a list of url read from a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  return   get
truth:  add   a

test:  run a ast header for execution .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  updates   compile
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep a thread .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   linear
truth:  put   put

test:  return a function used for a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  ensure that each affymetrix space occurs .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  save a specific configuration dictionary and set it in the configuration directory .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  default   changes
truth:  update   update

test:  return the vcenter connection with pyenvs .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  were   list
truth:  if   test

test:  parse file lines from ~/ .
truth: from url . 
test:  file   helper
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a user with name from the creator that the given creator who have been created to .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  insertionsort tuple with insertionsort .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  registers the name of a pattern into the python namespace .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  registers   service
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the largest centrality for g .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a converting .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  reverse   timestamp
truth:  time   time

test:  outputs two outputs of x .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  cached   number
truth:  -   -

test:  delete __module__ from the :class:dict cache .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  clears   xml
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an error .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package name for the given package name or id if such that package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a string has a test to be read .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test forum user using member .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  return   process
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls a package or setup if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  uninstalls   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the current process with the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  function that summarize an installed backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  construct   current
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without arithmetic if we can tokenize things .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  to ensure the multipart multipart url is a completely content-type .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  ensure the given zone .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a user can download the group based on the group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  this is an fast test to the given revision .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   null

test:  cast to process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  process   a

test:  make sure attribute takes an instance and a attribute with the sympy object .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the set of items in a list of export-friendly .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get privs' cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the maximum .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create and run multiple hosts using the cli process .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   pings
truth:  control   control

test:  do so .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  do   assert
truth:  format   a

test:  compute a linkage array for a cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  extract   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  turn a list of or a string into a gui version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a client with the ie decorator .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply node with all nodes of a node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users home which the user belongs to .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given path is svc .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the st_mode .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   session
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  makes group with group type that the given project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  return a path specified .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  return a config .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a pep directive directive or daemon list .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid type .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  applies the given list of samples from the given list of samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the type of a commands[name]except .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the canonical file from the path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   script
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  return group instance of the user identified by permission .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  return   view
truth:  to   view

test:  get the value of a specific value .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  get   add
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  null   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  get the selected index of n components from params['info']c .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  get   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a request on a specified request .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   pool
truth:  create   a

test:  interactive a vector of the points of the given variable .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  create a new triggerdb backend .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieves and returns an instance of illusion objects .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a sparse surface to a normal surface .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   converts
truth:  transform   surface

test:  a custom attribute of the form that will be created .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  supplied   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a setup for the given page .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  hex hex between situations and generator .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   type
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the main page of the request was made up to the given tweets .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   view
truth:  verify   signature

test:  upload a property dictionary to a dotted storage .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  used   null

test:  helper method to render the specific hash as a specific client .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  password   string
truth:  ask   null

test:  replace sympifiable of nan .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of a linux service .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of groupings from a list of sizes .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  logs some tar information .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  logs   normalizes
truth:  clean   up

test:  calculate the information of the given credit date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  set   set

test:  set an virtual server available .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of posts .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  default   render
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get the valid region corresponding to the context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  return true if the given process is currently running celery if it exists .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that renders a 404 error .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns an instance of the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to temporarily add a virtualenv to the given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  fixture which will run the test with the given engine and will fail the test .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   generator
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  pass in a class path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pass   reverse
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a complex log decomposition of a complex function .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns dispay_name sorted by course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  polygon   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get a users home directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  file   file

test:  return a new empty variable with a function signature .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  this returns a new attribute string with the equivalent of ioloop .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  function   use
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure a target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a dictionary of open file and storage for reading .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the container to a cloudmonitorentity object .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a subset of flavor keys sorted from database .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  show the description of a list of dns bits .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  show   information
truth:  parses   parses

test:  make sure the log info is enabled .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export export description and asserts that all operators exported .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  create an activation user when a user is created args: username: a users activation object returns: none .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  create   notification
truth:  enable   enable

test:  basic entry point .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  input   log
truth:  implement   null

test:  update or update the given port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an image with a 2d image of several params .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  return   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id and tool id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  test the full issues and the commands to be used .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  force   test
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the eq-3 binary switches .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  add   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract a properly formatted from a dictionary .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   get

test:  writes the string to the log file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets json data for a particular request .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  fetch   info
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a function for setting a simple function .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  get files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  drops   multiple
truth:  empty   null

test:  sets the entire key to be used with avatar .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  sets   provider
truth:  populate   populate

test:  signal called when an profile is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  ensure   signal
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  takes a pathname name and a temporary file path .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  takes   conversion
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* individuals from start of input *individuals* using *k* spins method .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load observatory data from from_file .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  object   compatibility
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html file .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  unconditionally skip test unless the test running test .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  clean flowgrams to new file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  get a list of nodes or a criteria hashable by a function .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the url .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd environment .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   resource
truth:  creates   null

test:  logs a friendly greeting to person given as argument .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  logs   method
truth:  print   a

test:  this function logarithm to portion of *x* .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  function   packages
truth:  convolve   x

test:  check if data is a proper 2d matrix .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   force
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  return a list of executable names given by name .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  import   import

test:  return true if the substring exists .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  default   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test installing a package with no wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  using   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  run   back
truth:  rolls   back

test:  calculates the absolute 17087277 method in each value .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  calculates   timestamp
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the p-th mean squared targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified process with the given name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   attempt
truth:  null   routine

test:  returns true if this image is only available .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the sum of the difference between two => matrices .
truth: compute np . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a list of data to a network .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that the classification classification gives the sparse model data .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  session database raised in history database .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set quotas for driver with fully-qualified applications .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  set   list
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a completions class .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   info

test:  return the current user copy of the particular desktop path .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  checks   name
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a list of tags from a list of tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used to support dictionary values related packets in html et al .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  in hio]if .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if all the major .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the encoding used to look up codecs in the given encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  get   handle
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  null   print
truth:  returns   a

test:  decode or update event usage for bookmark and sigint the bookmark .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  delete   a

test:  the q shows for a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate python 2 .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the secret of the specified secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode data into a string if possible .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  does nothing .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  does   null
truth:  profile   profile

test:  return true if the request function is a log4j event .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  is   version
truth:  make   a

test:  return user name for a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method to create a new app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  we are potentially available as an array of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  blocking blocking blocking the blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  write all users and a user to a list of files .
truth: list all users . 
test:  fix   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a worker to finish .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   call
truth:  raise   null

test:  check that when a request is consistent with bem .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  print a command line and a boot record as a string .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   a

test:  iterate over all existing ssh corrected logs .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  returns css covariance matrix for a simple descent version of the null hypothesis .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  return a suitable hash for uploaded file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split / characters in a string .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get the context value for an auth .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   send
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   a

test:  return a window with a simple nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check they can find every number of seconds in number .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  repeat the time in the template context .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  warnings   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  yield corpus of a corpus file and return its contents .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  return the domain of items for every page based on the groups[item] .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  array   null
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   frappe
truth:  null   type

test:  retrieve a directory that may contain the restart .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an open database to get a new database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return an index object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a 2d function using the variation command .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  plot   a

test:  clears the internal clades clades for the current tree .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  clears   fit
truth:  search   search

test:  installs one or more packages within a package within the package within a package within the path where packages are stored in the absolute path within the packages within the
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  installs   list
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  clear the shared stack from the context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  stops   file
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a usable range to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default contents of the file and the full contents .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of bs4s .
truth: factory function . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as organization .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple context manager that adds some exceptions .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return an absolute key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the csrf token used to store the client headers .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  context   processor

test:  get the uid and add a group of the given primary key id .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read large chunks from file-like chunks and returns the chunks chunks .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return choose the applications applications in installed_apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list subscriptions of a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  list   subscriptions
truth:  get   subscription

test:  possible a list of ipv6 addresses in given ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  expand   add
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get the mime type of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  to   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  create a group' group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  create   migrate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  update a unique block digest .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper that ignores all arguments and latency .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  return a hash of data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  return   add
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return the function at the bottom of the python binary .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no more than the start of no more than the supplied engine .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  get all the cdata characters in a data .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  get   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  try to match a range of arrays .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  expand   values
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  always return c{false} if the specified directory named as a results .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   os

test:  a function .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a security group rule from the project .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieve media of all of the configured user .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  create some sort of interactive window if the users preference say we should create some sort of interactive window at default interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  count   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the variable with qualified name *q_class_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration object for replication model .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a list of modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  shutdown a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  shutdown   return
truth:  null   power

test:  sets a simple tasks state .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine if the firewall path is a fake customizations .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  expr   return
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  check to see if the topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the greedy policy for each variable of the si graph .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two images and det(m) ones .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  type: key of an existing object .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a list of dictionaries from the ebs generates a list or a version of the ebs sign .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   split
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop dtmf section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns true if the given object is an object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for the existence of a table in the table and return a standard nftables .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this function is the list of redirecting to the actual request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  null   check
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raft a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  return the value corresponding to none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  return   a

test:  sets variables used to stylesheet a new random variables .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  helper method to set a list of variables on the items of the given item .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  white the argument name .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  null   return
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  sets up the value of the current db api .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  sets   env
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the line graph of nodes and predecessors in g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  add a question to the answer question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run all of the geos runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   in
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  return   map
truth:  template   template

test:  creates a new dictionary from the data contained .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  creates   formats
truth:  export   method

test:  set map[perm]] table using the commentedheader table .
truth: process part . 
test:  set   multiple
truth:  process   part

test:  takes truth / names and returns a python object names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  takes   use
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  return the best best element of the given balance b .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the desktop data updated with the given interface .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process has a readable format .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of class that have either a negative value .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test basic iterator .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the output of a file .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate an uninitialized nat once .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  return a valid bucket path from the specified bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  run the flaky test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  check if the files for the given process is being created .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only test to csp resource reactor .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterable of unique elements .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url being created .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   view
truth:  render   a

test:  test variable w .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all tabs from course with tabs .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  replace   course
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the string for a particular html string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  escape   hex
truth:  extract   slug

test:  displays user provided page .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  displays   logs
truth:  get   page

test:  prints the output of the given cell header info .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get the requests contents of the request and upgrade any upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  get   create
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize all the source files .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   point
truth:  clone   clone

test:  determine the network nodes of a noncovered window representing the number of nodes .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain string that processes the show version data .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  writes a value of characters from html file .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request and returns the json url .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  compute the multi-class callback that can be used to convert a eeprom parameters n .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  settings   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  new password page and handles a password on new user choose a given password or make_style(opts= if requested .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sets   password
truth:  view   view

test:  return the config file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the generalized legendre polynomial at a time .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  compute   core
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given hash .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  prints a new .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  shows   a

test:  a icmpv6 for the applied .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the calling implementation of a wsgi environment .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph specified by nodes of an undirected graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a hash .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge relational_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   quote
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks for horizontal template validations in static file .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw seeds as raw object .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find all the files listed in a file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  given   grep

test:  create a word using the initialization plugin .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  config   config

test:  return an object from a regular expression using utf-8 encoding given line brightness or component .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  generates   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  request to select a locale .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  return the program engine is app .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture that implements the existing queried value for an existing request .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  initializes   fixture
truth:  patches   patches

test:  return the valid bluetooth configuration from the system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  open the specified service cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  grab   order
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the python version of the python python python python python python python python python python version specifying the classes .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity used to set the logging verbosity .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  function for getting a new parameter from the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  add   a

test:  break a container by adding transfers after .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  check if an agent is a desktop/' .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the given content .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns the supplied string representation of the supplied integer .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a 3d denominator of the forward event b .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  return   truncate
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate forum if there is no auth in the same auth as not set .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   build
truth:  return   user

test:  convert unicode strings to python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  if   python

test:  return the value of an element in a list of numbers .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  determines   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp data from a pretty string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get the 'bits api hook .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   return
truth:  show   current

test:  return the script cache directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the standard location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  interfaces   return
truth:  return   return

test:  as an int .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an image .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   diff
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  computes the circular variance for samples assumed to be in the range parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  determine   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   install
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get the shape of the first variable x .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  get   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of data directories .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  adds an enum decorator to the specified descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  attribute   add
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the given callables .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a decorator that converts a view to the given slug .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown completion is preserved .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require the specified context to exist .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a new numpy object and all objects .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure unicode characters .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the shallow array[length of f by calling module .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   run
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an thepassedexpressionisnotanoperator' like representation for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  errors   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   call
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server on the local server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  adds a user to something that the most similar characters and returns a ill message if the task was available .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  to   null
truth:  command   command

test:  generates the current hash of hash data with nlkm .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  based   null

test:  configures the device name field of a given instant .
truth: register the device . 
test:  receives   return
truth:  register   register

test:  read a sha from a list of contents .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  read   read
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment element .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   runs
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the modified archive provider for a package or module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  adds two dictionaries represented by d1 in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  adds   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  color   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sorted key from a key/value pairs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock object for the given xblock object .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  change   info
truth:  grant   one

test:  find and returns a new module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  accepts the limits method as a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  accepts   data
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  spectral a matrix of terms .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract a single step string into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the input source file .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  receives   user
truth:  ask   null

test:  determine whether an arp ip address of a given location .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  determine   forwarding
truth:  null   a

test:  a partition is a mavlink partition .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   list
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether or not the "restart will be disabled :return: a string value representing the "wake events :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  display   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  function   home
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a specific structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  get the names of a function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  creates server server create modbus server containing the overall information .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  initialize   run
truth:  null   api

test:  send an sms message to google ordered conventions .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  make a function with an exponential chapter .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of real bytes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica data random variable rejection .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   recovery
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a test if a file doesnt exist or not .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json user representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   return
truth:  attach   null

test:  get the date in the year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  get   configure
truth:  update   version

test:  send an entry using a track account .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  send   signal
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering request section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   response
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set an exception in iso compatible way .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  set   duplicates
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls for the object .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  check if executing is available .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find an enabled element with page filenames .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  find   null
truth:  click   click

test:  create the 'snapshot-list' with a given id .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simple wrapper to get the data for testing .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieves the most n-sized deviation .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  make sure keys and values of fields have a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  make   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether a user has ccx_coach to the course contains who have themselves as requested .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   list

test:  in the activation function so that it gets turned over .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password password .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   returns
truth:  hash   a

test:  write everything into a protobuf .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  equal_weight -> lower bound .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  check   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test gl error raised if required values .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  default boolean value should not be true or false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  default   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send wake episode using the given pickle request .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  send   a
truth:  write   null

test:  parse file using example .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  file   variables
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the completedprocess code for the specified stdout .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named grafana job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a generator for every feed .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  read   a

test:  removes a pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  removes   python
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  stops commands inside a json-serializable package database .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  stops   fix
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  returns the approximate du['pos'] decorator .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  function used to convert the target cross between system and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  function   get
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes logistic average of matrices .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  content   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  all items in an iterable .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy information associated with the specified user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator to wrap a function to '\njustmarkthetest\n'func .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  marks   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find all exclude values in dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  looks   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test chart rendering with a 'pygal-chart' 'graph' .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   classes

test:  gets the region number that matches the given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a set of all the default colormap for a single image in the default colormap of the array .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a generating space from a python space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print the subgraph string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the input given the given type .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  encode   python
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the missing device name for a file .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   checksum
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the find_config_files .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the effective clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a numpy array that is the same as the generating one .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ceil(x) decomposition of a sound audio vector returns a numpy array .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture to provide a filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  tests   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the default filename for a list of files .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tuples in the form of each item in the given list .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  get   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  decode the response with the given json response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  decode   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g as a list of edges with numeric adjacency-list .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  the date of a datetime .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  null   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake 'config' config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages within directory where where packages within directory should be within the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears all the data from the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return contents of logging logging .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  bindings of the file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  is   update
truth:  compute   md5

test:  format text with html in a django newline .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  format   text
truth:  text   text

test:  returns a default key for a key .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects image in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   face
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible identifiers in the given table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bench after date and time strings .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return data .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   update
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a rsa traversal of "node" and all possible values from the node tree .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  request   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a random string of trailing job characters in a given leading value: .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether percent is a valid percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the given time in yyyymmdd format for matching dates .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  save a subject string .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  function   add
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if filename is a zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  assert that local is mounted and updated with launches .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  assert   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  indent a list of all bar positions into account positions .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  return   a

test:  colorless colorless output .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke action on a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   handler
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return a difference between two dates of two configurations .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representing the fact .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  start   a

test:  display current redirect for the user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  display   current
truth:  load   current

test:  check whether datastore error reports .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  raises   null

test:  mark input table as a missing table if data .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock python method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a character address and return a list of :[row_headers] .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  set the namespace for the given type or passes it to the namespace dict .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  set   up
truth:  populate   populate

test:  gets a value of the case-insensitive module .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert the argument to the argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   cast_expression
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return a formatted date string from seconds since the format .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   utility

test:  update messages from a form .
truth: show django . 
test:  display   null
truth:  show   django

test:  the main loop of a dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  create   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  return the provider name of function given function .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  language class is fonctionnalit\xe .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  setup warning behavior to message .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  get the theano .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  get   get
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  determine whether there are any leading toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list with the major count of the given majority count .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion release section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  release   service
truth:  control   control

test:  ensure that user gae gae of redis .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  ensure   handler
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user user has been set in environment variables .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a string of a certain length of a given length .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  control-n in the current greenlet is handled in the background hierarchy .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  is   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the contents of bom cache file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  error   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  run a command and throws an error if it doesnt need to a file .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   call
truth:  null   a

test:  escape a go within a primitive entity_pb .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if pip<pyversion> commands from the cached package .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  check that tenant has allowed to use for now .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse the two strings from dict of keywords .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the list of instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a log file .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  function   null
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  null   method

test:  transpose perp from the image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  cross   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  if a given unicode unicode or convert it to unicode .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the given filename is a compilable graph .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assigns up a prefix and returns the url for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  url   return
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   running
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all permission requests warnings that the given obj and assigns the result to a context variable with the given obj .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  launch schedules for gui apps .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  launch   python
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : for lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  return a simple result to be used for attributes .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   field

test:  determine a buffer from the buffer at the given shape and how description if the shape was known .
truth: return major . 
test:  determine   prints
truth:  return   return

test:  load a config file into a string .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if list allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  create a useful if it doesnt exist or return the full path to the file .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  return   a

test:  return a message object for a db .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first digits of the python array .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a class .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the script name for the given file or directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all datacenter stats for segment_info .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test intervals with mlp attribute useful for mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  store a peeled refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  get   serialize
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns the datasource xml attributes .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the replace version of draft with location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  return the scipy absolute value of the pylab-related command .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  issue   return
truth:  hook   hook

test:  convert collection containing integer .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  check list of files which need to be available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  list   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  capturing the theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on systems that are a proxy minion .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  takes a list of callbacks tests that are valid .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the indices where each element of the elements are found .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  nested   get

test:  convert some of the lines into a dict of tuples .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  create a dictionary mapping groups to their values in the given dict .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  map   map

test:  return lock name of file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  file   file

test:  hash needs to use for the given jwt library .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  hash   user
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs record for a grid grid .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc toc toc path to cgi .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the home directory to start at boot cli example: .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  determines the item in human readable field .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  return   return

test:  composite equality for two item by using the same kind .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sort iterable based on a list of tasks .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether name is a valid widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  to   null

test:  adds probabilities for the post object to the import of descriptor object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  to   process
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  combine   json
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a host to get the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  determine if a loop in the list is intersecting the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  if   in
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinclude object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  move parameter to another item .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   interfaces
truth:  null   item

test:  call a function wait until timeout evaluates a function shouldnt be created .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   call
truth:  func   func

test:  get the result of a wrapper .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   performance
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for host details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  utility to convert a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description of the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port on which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  construct a continued fraction from the numpy length .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within this topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generates the iraf image .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a category from a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   categories

test:  get loops loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves port and standard error response .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a dictionary to an egg object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture which provides a gethookrecorder api call for tests that require extra objects .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  fixture   view
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a tablespace name database .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   users
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events and return as a list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   exclude
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the path to the working directory containing an executable or none .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  receive the applications .
truth: get streams . 
test:  clears   use
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert human readable form spec to human readable format .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the templates/project0/ permission .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return true if the variable is a compatible type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  return   type
truth:  if   check

test:  get the keys for the keys specified .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   check

test:  dispatch the isvalidansidatetime value of an nmea port .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the second kind of the second kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat token if it was available .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  null   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  return a vector on the receive in remote .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a script description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of supported projects user belongs to a project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  null   param
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a dataframe name .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  check that --stream between two proxy variables .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  prevent   keys
truth:  function   function

test:  a generic function which coerces to device path .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that a cookie with the given name is a list of values .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  support for the hfa filter in the project to pacific islands or the requested input_spec .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   check
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given port and port .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  helper function that returns a human-readable graph with a given 'string'} path from the 'string'} when the 'string'} finishes .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  converts an iri value into all iri .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  return   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  computes the difference between two continuous and diff of f in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  order   order

test:  get parent of season .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  returns a tuple of the rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a single document of the document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  returns   f
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the path in the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check whether the given ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  check   a
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  read a file from tree .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   read
truth:  show   show

test:  check if the directive contains a subclass directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   method

test:  html-escape a problem components in the new problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  pass   one
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return the extension of the html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages within directory where package looks within directory should be within directory where package where where package looks like a "cross-platform" .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find an array or stack of x remove any defaults .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  like   like

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package for flocker-control .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract and deserialize response from the object .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the flash messages of the which index of all .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  calculates the filter to build a ref .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  get the arg from the given width .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return the constraint name of the given type .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  get default commands to find what the zone has been set .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  default   default

test:  divide : bad&rule .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  list   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the bind these equal to the supplied traffic .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  parses   time
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload package info from the default package .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  files   install
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a none .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  test   a

test:  computes the service component of a dense distribution .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  selects   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote repository .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  filename filename from a static file .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the total rank of a set of raw values .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  function that produces a class to return at table_id context .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a figure with a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window with a simple blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a bmrequesttype members iterable to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a variable with the scene .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  convert a human-readable term to a raw term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this endpoint is used .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   endpoint
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns the information on a graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate glance to glance .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the list if defined by averaging .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform an image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  resize   rules
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  complete a single python line breaks .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a proxy method with a specified name and return a function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched for the user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   create
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  generate a new request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  sign   put
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the basic conversion of gnumpy is exact the basic operations .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attempt to load a new system on the specified host .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  if   server
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the available roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine if a timestamp is inside an agefilter list .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate view using gentoo method and returns true if any of the passed request is not loaded on success .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  decorate   return
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random parameteric given the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   multiply
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance in the database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  elementwise x .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to inject a script expansion url .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  to   docstring
truth:  git   git

test:  type check for all tuples in an exception if django-storage-swift .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   test

test:  define a dask function given a module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the value of a memcache mapping .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  this function needs to be pickleable .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or remote branches .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing key .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  based   null

test:  return the django .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  get the singular number of responses .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote working directory from a working directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  working   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  send a show to the show payload .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  log   history

test:  main method .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  null   command
truth:  using   testing

test:  the http request deletion .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  null   try
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  sets the decreasing index in the table .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  sets   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  crop each image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current audio time to be used to mark a movie state .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  renders a template that can be either a sublime the page the use the permissions for a page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event instance .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  resolves the bundle if it gets running .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   test
truth:  missing   a

test:  f c{g}s module name from several function .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  null   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  null   return
truth:  config   config

test:  method for adding and removing the given user from the course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  return the type of the mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  find a file .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  subroutine to create nested frames with a border raised .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  to   create
truth:  create   a

test:  lookup a callable for the given function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a quota number or raise exception .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu hook to import the command line .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   in
truth:  set   set

test:  list hit for search search table .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  list   document
truth:  append   append

test:  set the new member .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  set   task
truth:  null   groups

test:  return an iterator over the unique attribute in the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  find   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the array size of the given object and 'memoryextendofnegativesize'return .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  ensure   value
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert c{bytes} to the native string .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  creates a filter function to use for filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given request .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  restart   send
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  this is the eigenvectors quaternions routine .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  is   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  creates a new email for u'<{unique}@{site}>' .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a finite random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the current python backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a list of tuples of the private images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  return the latest container name or id cli example: .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in key for the int .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  find a nsn index in a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of management ids and account .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a string that preserves the confidence version of a list of polynomials in list .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  annotate hidden cong on tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   access
truth:  run   run

test:  find a path of a given path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   null
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to get indices of weighting indices using a vertices[i] .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  to   return
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a random icon on the current .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an xml operator using the measurement info .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  get a query parameters .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  splits the list into a new list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set a list of strings in the same way to override python 3 .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  set   unicode
truth:  create   a

test:  return the optimal value of a selection .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  return   create
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a directory if it doesnt exist or not .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  require   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reverse the oslo_config .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check whether we have a given dtype .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  null   variant

test:  downloads messages from video .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  downloads   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  find a stim stim line index script for edf files .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   events
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of id the specified project .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  if   linear
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer to a string representation of the message .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the start and end of the start of a start period based on the start and end period period .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  eip eip .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  error   error

test:  same as comments/list .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add the x intersections from a loop into a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount a list of strings .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  targets   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  utility function to create connection with an http url .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove tags from bad error .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  adjust   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   request
truth:  raise   null

test:  create a bool indicating whether or not an subprocess is blocked .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares photos from existing viewpoint with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  resolved   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of all images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  main function .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  control   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract the token from the list of key header .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of fixed groups from a orbit .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convenience function to display an html event with a classification disk .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  function   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of tuples for the given degree .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a file is a dotted attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  simple find tags and bookmark tags from all pages and received .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find the container from the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   use
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  converts a descendantaddresses or string into a relative path .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  iterate   multiple
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema for a app whose keys are namespace prefixes and values are element objects .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique authentication token that is suitable for admin_password / separated filename .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  helper function to raise a resource dict .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  set   matplotlib
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   media

test:  temporarily remove all the filters to a new dir and force the actual dir to merge all the files to force a existing filters .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  given   null

test:  return the signature and storage if the deployment is currently installed .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   power
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get and transfer the circle from the intersection loops .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like the given input string in space-separated to be used .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test rotated operating traffic .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  resolving   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   order
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of all known namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   information

test:  bulk swarms send overridden date for students which can be used to induced send to the restful tasks .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  function   get
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  reconstruct   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  returns an hexadecimal string from a character set as a python int .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   description
truth:  return   a

test:  show the /usbkey/config info provided .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  finds an executable path for the specified command to the executable executable .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  update   update

test:  run code in the given module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   a

test:  acls a simple property into a word_counts .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  issue   function
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the stdout binary .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  if   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  return a fst name for module details: .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  set embedded attribute to key and embedded it to key .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  set   xml
truth:  go   null

test:  make a testcase to test the volumeservice method added to an implementation of tests that doesnt segfault objects .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the given body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize a fake handler for the given stream .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  add   a

test:  returns whether a connection is currently being used .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a convenience method that instantiates a database .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  null   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts auth .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if mat is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  p   p

test:  considering between x and vectors of x distances for the vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  raises msg if msg is a valid msgelse .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the contents of the file containing the specified path .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add 'vote metadata server associated with the current user .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a blob from the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  function   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into a valid albuminfo .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   use
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns the name of the file extension .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a number .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules according to a breadth-first command .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   services
truth:  using   null

test:  adds a vector to a numpy array .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  updates   work
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a + b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string of characters from a alignment string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the differences for a given zc .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  extract text from text .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put the named targets from the target list returns a dictionary describing any failures .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  filter urls adding / add absolute paths to path .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  build   build

test:  return an vnc memory ports created from vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  return python with the given exception type .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  return   key
truth:  check   check

test:  the expression .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  initialize   null

test:  translate or trim valid stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  translate   docstring
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  installer the data for the specified resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  displays an metadefinition message and raises a message if its not met .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  this function is called by the user to generate a task and execute all of the instructor with the given user_id .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   request
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : lparen expression rparen .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  accepts   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an selinux expression to the dispatchwithevents .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   infer
truth:  modify   null

test:  setup a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  create an array from a deprecationwarning array .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  move   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  params sys .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  capture   s3
truth:  hook   hook

test:  determine the region of the service catalog for the given service type .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  select   null

test:  read xread contents and return its contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   sql
truth:  read   read

test:  sends translations to calling translations translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  null   file
truth:  translated   append

test:  return the config generated by user-specific if so shutil doesnt alter .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   users

test:  verify a valid volume type of legacy volume specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls progress() to resolve the first element of an object .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  actual function .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return a unicode string of a :0: subset .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the number of active processes that string .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return qurl from a requests host .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer as a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the value rounded to the current thread .
truth: get the round . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation every row of the dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  patches   merge
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  construct the either one or more builtin file and the provides flags in the form class .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  construct   string
truth:  transform   transform

test:  returns the gluster version .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  check   attempt
truth:  perform   a

test:  given a summary operation .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  generates public and targets of a dynamic tensor over a given targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  generates   start
truth:  -   -

test:  check if the file has a given file or zipfile .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  sends   function
truth:  email   email

test:  format the date in the input date to the corresponding datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  copies   datetime
truth:  is   null

test:  return a remote module with all the errors/mismatches tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the module is available .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   virtualname
truth:  load   load

test:  internal method for struct get the :class:~stem method .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a bool iterators value .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the boundary bdy of g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test when the fixed mean works on random numbers .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   discretize
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return the allowed extension for the list .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the field contains errors or method .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary consisting of a values in dict d .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  sends a new openssl .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   call
truth:  send   a

test:  send email when provided .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  get   notification
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the value of the a list of the known expressions .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the name of the current date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the function of the values of a function .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  return true if the ldap ldap is currently a valid white or contains an selinux .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a task for the given instructortask .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  if holiday falls on next :class:~datetime .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an comma-separated casting for every card from a list and q .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  scan for the specified service .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  scan   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the stdout list to stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a user based on its excepting .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   fill
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true iff appbundle is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run prlsrvctl ports and get the data .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  run   restart
truth:  execute   a

test:  format a new clip object as a numeric clip .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given object types are a type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a :app:pyramid .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  construct   new

test:  write the string containing git etc .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generates the correct table for the given instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  conn all the databases of a query from path .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  asserts   return
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll management description .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   way
truth:  wait   up

test:  checks the schema in a particular list of properties for the given attribute .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of nova exceptions .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   method

test:  delete content of being executed when creating an elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  does   content
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via env command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  check if an instance is a new instance .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup bloomsky component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check message from the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version integrate version of the build .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for a given version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  test   migrate
truth:  if   null

test:  send and decode the given controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  return a project path based on the project path and path .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  called from the installed site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  have   return
truth:  require   null

test:  return version .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  pickle path in gpu format .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  save   python
truth:  null   pretty

test:  compute nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  dictionary   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  given a number of source source strings .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  given   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  compute an 4-byte multiplies between a certain tensor and a base tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  determine the details of all instance connected to the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for coordinates .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the current branch for the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  gets   changes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  advance the iterator n-steps ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  tests whether a key has only one .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  null   null
truth:  blocking   non

test:  is thing a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  is   try
truth:  to   helper

test:  parses a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  analyze   html
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return whether a process with the given pid exists .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a storage storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  return   check
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads and commits the given service .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap using the archive package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   files
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find the server by mapping .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  find   bson
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path from file if its already in filepath .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  returns   downloads
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reads a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  given   a

test:  class decorator marking the decorated function as template name in nopython mode .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks to see if the given filename is the template project path .
truth: test if . 
test:  to   file
truth:  if   test

test:  get an object with an object like this: .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expand the :setting:task_annotations setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator used to register a new result neuralnet as defined by the class decorator .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the global configuration .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a modified timestamp on one of modified objects while django .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sets

test:  child a terrible concrete sequence snmp source and community data to an exponential snmp community .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  endpoint   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  apply the given iterable stanza to a binary representation of the iterable .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a list of files for the given path .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  returns the path to the given directory if given directory can be located .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  like get_distros() .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  like   info
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if the python implementation matches the python implementation .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging serializer for the given notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  take a list of chunks chunks or tuple of n dimensions .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  null   format
truth:  format   format

test:  constructs a llvm dict from key-value pair .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  emit   null

test:  create a socket instance and return the certificate object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  create   api
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function that returns a new return a wrapped function .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  return   function
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on media descriptor object with point of view .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number where the first line matches the advanced method .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete topic redirect .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  wrap a function inside a trace decorator .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity and completeness and completeness .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  ensure   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : map_type | void .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  prepare   one
truth:  format   a

test:  replaces all spans of the payload with some web application requirement: * useful for automatic web application requirement: * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   callback
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path segments from the xmlobject angle .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   path

test:  return time in milliseconds since the epoch of seconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  time   return
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all the available worker .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the directory component of the current directory .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  order   order

test:  check for all vector keywords .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  place whether the repository directory is changed .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  does   a
truth:  server   server

test:  find an element in the running states .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   version
truth:  find   image

test:  convenience function for generalized matrices in the given vector k k .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  return the technical callable object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that the output of the message output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  confirmation an email when a confirmation email address is a confirmation address or not .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  if   email
truth:  send   send

test:  add a function to certain arguments in $path .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a tuple that can be used to generate the directories .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  returns   language
truth:  constructs   null

test:  get environment variable and setup used in environment vars .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  read   proxy

test:  private method to find images in each image and return a list with all subdirectories .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   resize
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   flavor
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert nested file system name to shifting .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a template name and loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the substitution from the named entry .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return true if the list of ignored names are ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  read response data from a response object .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for the specified activity activity .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  raises   null

test:  get request / response for an rpc request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the name of the given base class .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the network device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  using   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all of the named compiler flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   value
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether the object instance is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  export the specified course if it doesnt exist .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of sorted objects that can be sorted .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a hylist .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get a property value .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  load the given disk cache only .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  load   function
truth:  caching   null

test:  utility function .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  function   print
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of all the ]results order .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert amount of a collection of items to a list of items .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the value of the given option has pairs .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   authorization

test:  two-view of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return server and storage cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  restart the server/portal flag for the specified file .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  generate the text for the given parsed text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the fully version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract optionparser value from a clsid option .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  given   a

test:  read matching info from the stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   string
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time to store the current locale settings .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist plus recurrent expr | empty .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset module database .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  module   up
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the current host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with package specified .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array like module .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decrypts cypher with the private key in the system .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypts   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized admin user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a number encoding encoding is valid .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  child a file descriptor to child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  restores   sets
truth:  file   file

test:  do not update parameters params : server bind .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  results   a
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods which should raise mimic if they were changed .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a numpy byte to a tree .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  null   str
truth:  write   null

test:  return large for each string in the given warnings indexer .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  generates a list of milliseconds from a list of equal to generate a specific section .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generates   merge
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  return the name of the given image .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the dataseries files from the different directories .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from the original polynomial .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap up after theres sparse context and skip an active .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   retry
truth:  returns   a

test:  unregister database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  model   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  get and/or folder from the chassis .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  get   try
truth:  to   try

test:  return the content as a human-readable string .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  return the set of lists of each input in the given list of lists .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  password   convert
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return a subset of fields for the given location .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  value   value

test:  loads the samples from plain dask arrays .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  save   tests
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return whether a user has contributor or not .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data in *data* time to yiq using yiq notify encoding .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterate over all events in an exception .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of a deprecated titles .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  format a datetime object to a string in html .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return method object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for concrete 2 .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlock the result of the given lock until the system has been written .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a list of idle and random numbers .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a name of the state output .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given an exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for solving methods where deprecated is deprecated .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a neighbor set of connected neighbors .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the length of a python object according to model .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that a system generated by skipfirst .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a given key from the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the lange: coefficient of the closest categorical output .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  return   dataset
truth:  make   null

test:  given a list of ports groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change the password for the specified password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a list of ascii bytes .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  check if the most recent os data available on the system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get source object from source object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse a tree from blobstore post-order .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   generator
truth:  traverse   a

test:  deprecated wrapper for markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  if the index has a comment run/sudo is a comment starting at *node* .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  enforce   a

test:  get the current accepted time zone and the input string .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts string into a rfc1123 debug urls .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   value
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if the temperature of an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  reshapes   multivariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  after installing as a broken list of files .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return csv data in a unicode representation of a file located and kill it .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  return   open
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that using a scipy can be created correctly .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output for plain client can be converted to output .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get marker from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  generates root statistic statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  generates   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  get deprecation mapping in another unit mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  aggregate   amount
truth:  support   support

test:  concatenate two lists along axis slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns tuple from fallback .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  joins   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers from global tables this variable .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator for a given django page individual from the page .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  is a basic base matrix of a ruby-build type .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  dont try to convert markdown to html .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  interfaces   markdown
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  detect if operation evaluators in a operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  main method .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  generate the target xml file and updates the ignored property .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  prints a string to the server .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  prints   log
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  returns a new dict with the keys of the dictionary .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   block
truth:  takes   a

test:  test setting of bad plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  multiply a slice symbol represented by a single dimensions .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  multiply   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  language: pt-br -> list of grouping as a single unordered attribute of input .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  null   setups
truth:  output   output

test:  gets the user list .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  loads   call
truth:  run   run

test:  find auto increment fields .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the 2nd dimension to take a multiple of data and pads .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  prints an ndarray based on a string of epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  null   json
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   name
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of int/string where n number of ndarrays are not dominated by factor .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a tensor tensor of ones .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the proxy .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  null   servers
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate html into gallery example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   call
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the local text file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for the given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  vlan task constructor .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a simple file from a filename .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  return   open
truth:  open   a

test:  return the standard deviations representation of the square root of intconstant .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  recursive   results
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list available user .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   page
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the string from the right hook .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  helper to filter for functions that is valid and 2 .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  set the given properties on an instance .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  set   members
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  strips the blank ]e of a tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  return the raw value of an object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  to   predicate

test:  puts transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  assigns   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  check if spectrogram is installed in the system .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluates evaluates an operator .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  validate   method
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a new mouse object .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the name of the function .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  raise customized on a command with subprocess .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  reverse   output
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  converts   text
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a flavor access to the tenant access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return true if missing script exists .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   grains
truth:  provide   grains

test:  wrapper for the current document tidy for an action .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  null   nit
truth:  release   release

test:  default function for creating a user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  function   user
truth:  url   url

test:  setup access to vera lights .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  checks source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  checks   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return the version of the system currently checked out returns: str: a string representing the version of the output: version of the output: array .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  configures the specified request body .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  cached   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  get the kex class object .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a constructor for a decoder for the provided init structure .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  convert   simpledecoder
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the file size in bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the origin is a cors art .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return an rgb file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   prewitt
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the name of the postgresql function .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   script

test:  return the value of a single configuration item .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   return
truth:  value   value

test:  generate internal string .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  url (1) the given ports with 3 ports .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pass   quota
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator for mutating methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  convert a piece of iterations with the given shape and iterations .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   a
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a dictionary of word data to a cloud word .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  load   load

test:  true if c is a line of ascii characters .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  sends the send to the api .
truth: index handler . 
test:  sends   in
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a function using a non-geographical normal api .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorator to add cached cached size of a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  have have a system url .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge dictionary where new data dictionaries are the keys and merge them into a new dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   update
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if user exists return if it does not exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  update the col time to notify them .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  ensure   tag
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python values to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  list the nopoliciesfound' principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   key
truth:  list   list

test:  converts an opcode to a visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  if   returns

test:  set the keywords for a given guess .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  set   try
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  put a file to a given precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  writes   null

test:  logouts of a variable .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  null   use
truth:  running   in

test:  return true if the server is allowed for the line .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  provides   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return system information about all known plugins .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of dtype decorator .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  notify   section
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this function supports a post-order thing based on the given ax[cond extract the care of the given ax[cond a function .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  function   redirect
truth:  null   a

test:  decorator that activates attribute type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check the negative evaluators as pathname .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  the disabled files along the abort repository and return the path of the tool files .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a single tool table to csv table .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  null   show
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the named container is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   a

test:  install an existing output of which the user belongs to install an existing comment .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   enable
truth:  install   a

test:  request a information related to the current machine .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  null   information

test:  returns a dict describing all c['cluster values .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  insert a certain expression which have a given slice with gathered .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a test parameter for a renewal object .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  make   function
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   multiple
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if value is a validator .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   detach
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get a commit from the current config .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  send   read
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the ssh private key and only if exists .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   ssh
truth:  return   return

test:  is the figure to passed in figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get a connection information from the database instance .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   run
truth:  labels   labels

test:  creates a protobuf from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string using the view .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  analyzes   command
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  get a applications_parent matrix .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  get   data
truth:  left   null

test:  check that line already has not explicitly .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  returns the base64-encoded structure and a signed structure .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return the list of the unique modules in the given package .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test mne function .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   strings
truth:  if   null

test:  raise a method api .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validates the privileges related to peak document 2 .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validates   privileges
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates a decoded dictionary from a applications of dictionary .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  generates   wrapper
truth:  outputs   a

test:  sets the job tree .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize sigmoid design .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait until pid is a process running on the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a new :class: .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a valid date string into a datetime object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  if the image release has a defined today .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  if   power
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  computes edit commands with free buf[line][ and the same tuple whose gradient .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download link with the audio api .
truth: process one link . 
test:  download   function
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-checkout(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev the command line version rev : none files to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the shell .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder already find latest already part-uploaded with satisfied using satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right answer made from wanted .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  test   test

test:  check if header is an http/1 in the request .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  sort the integer array with the specified size: key .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  constructs   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes the durbin-watson error of two images .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  strips a string in start'] if the last block is formatted .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the url belongs to remote urls .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   checking
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the current cache box .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  print a warning and exit .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  given a file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  given   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test the full hint helper function .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get and return the deployment token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a message from the given topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   a

test:  user has the permission of the fields of a user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  for mysql .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by adding the values from a list of dicts .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch datasets to show the default shape when passed an existing home .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  fetch   test
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively copy an back to this guards from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  basic helper to urllib2 in .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  get   source
truth:  returns   a

test:  vectorized decorator to create event loop and returns the user .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the data from the current thread .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  performs   one
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the user cache files to use for timedelta .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri glob directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the hash value is a fallback function .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  if   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  set :attr:~subliminal .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing webhook .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  compute   import
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that the output manager is run in the output .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  find the start of the device that matches the given start .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a epoch name to its .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  translate   port
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that theres an inline site globs .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp instance .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read stats for the collection of the core .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  url   test
truth:  run   run

test:  turns a strings into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  turns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check the discrete line to the modelshouldnotincludediscrete .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the information to the command line .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  given   command
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the type of a given object .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  register the full tower of a class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  output the xml tree from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test #3160 for python substitution .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  setting   bem
truth:  reading   reading

test:  f decorator for domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a function of the message error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  template   exception
truth:  converts   a

test:  test default required .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   syntax
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a resource from the specified entry in the loggers log for this module .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  make   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all zones records associated with a given project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  constructs and convert a string to a datetime .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a clip to generate random function of the ndarray .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  polynomial exact polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  move all file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in standard dna characters .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  all possible chunks of iterable or lists .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  protected an email to confirmation or filtered by an email address .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  sending   email
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize a normalized unit name with a jahnke-emden 5 .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video format .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  require a portage package to be uninstalled .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  require   check
truth:  return   return

test:  zones configuration .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  migrate   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  read stale commands from a jaspar file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  read   source
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to encode the given filename and return the output as a tuple from the string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  get   null
truth:  object   object

test:  internal helper method .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  normalize a couple test .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a truncated upgrade date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   service

test:  tests monitoring .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a process appropriate core config .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the master user is first master name the name of the sentinel server for the sentinel server or not found .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  request   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add default url to campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  parse the lms loop and store the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  get   svg
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  waits until share until share the share has passed .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns the default color to use in ansi escape .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove unknown options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  get the docker-compose project instance for containers .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  apply matched text metadata .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find files in s3 files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   update
truth:  looks   null

test:  create a rule if the values are found .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  create   create
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return whether the given node has a negative node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get the time .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   return

test:  list xml of output .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  list   echo
truth:  null   utility

test:  callback to exit signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all of the @interruptable when the query contains the given cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list the valid format cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  given   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a quoted string from a bytestring .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  save information in coordinates to distance .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  convert a nats vector to a string .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  convert   generate
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the line and nextcode all the rules in the given stack .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  filter changes from nested changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  reading   return
truth:  format   format

test:  parses a datetime according to the current alert .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should ignore a multi-line table from a background flag? .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  null   null

test:  open score of 2sigma .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test that u'hello-world' .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  copy a versioned document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  check   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   image

test:  stop service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set post-processing post-processing post-processing and proxy values which need to be used for existing plugin fields .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  to   virtual
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  return true if pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  use   os

test:  retrieves the specified service from the provided service .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  am   return
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing output should only replace matching columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  rolls back the rollback flag and resets the resources .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  use   back
truth:  function   function

test:  format the given format size as string .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  format   a
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a dict of all the job found as a directory .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new property with a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  parse a celery table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  helper to create a resource and return a temporary file .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a module description description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager that swallows the current context under the target tree .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   context
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find an zipline connection .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshot summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  export the message with the lowest term .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  export   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns an initialized object .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   proxy
truth:  extracts   a

test:  helper to create a fragment object from a url with indicies .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  add   a

test:  test planck model:: unit tests .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extend related unit data flag when a unit is first .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  related   update

test:  initialize out the bound to be edited .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  null   null

test:  change the proxy of the current machine .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  change   update
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : id .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return mirror .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   whitespace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an ordered volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   bracket
truth:  null   helper

test:  check all packages in distutils regardless use only to detect packages .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run commands in a subprocess containing context and execute it if the provided shell input is output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  return the list of the configured sdist in region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free [k in gf(p)[x] and a monic in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version of the vector vector3 using pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all of the child characters .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a dictionary of attributes the given type .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a aware function to be used to renders a function .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  apropriate -> r^1 filter x and sos[section .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test stdout module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   call
truth:  test   test

test:  outputs a message containing newline characters .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  outputs   lists
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the changes from the requested config configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  sets   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  convert something into a string form .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   null

test:  command line arguments for safe command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  specified   null

test:  reads an input data into a description .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  look   null

test:  quote an alternate and characters in a valid <> .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  wraps   a

test:  computes the unnormalized probability that can be used to the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to convert a safe string representation of an object to a given object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   format

test:  main entry point to the specified resource .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  runs the sphinx for the command line .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the git name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  release release environment variables from a rgid release .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the input array for the x and mask .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  pulls   outliers
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general feed .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the unix ui artists for a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  return a list of all valid weighers project .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most epoch versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and end l of the given array of vectors .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a time .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the timeseries value from a list of numbers parameters -3 : int or none .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  get a tuple of strings from strings .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return the number of decimal formatting codes formatted .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all tags from an rds resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute hilbert hilbertreturn compute automatic data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   rms
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  a basic element or list of python values are not the given in the given uuid .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a helper method that grab expanding .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: always load . 
test:  default   no
truth:  load   load

test:  adds new unique id to the given hexmsg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   update
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new instance of flavor access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wrapper around djangos kmz .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  set new audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   set
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that hash errors an desired requirements file from a package .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string or bytes to utf-8 bytes .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  project versions view for project translation files and lets the project choose which ones were created the other dataz .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  null   files
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a date according to the given settings .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if provided string doesnt contain a bytestring .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get all serial .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the gui .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  used   method
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information about the seq1 statement/function .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   information
truth:  to   attempt

test:  takes the theano graph and returns the appropriate graph of inputs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  takes   multiple
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the str representation of text in the given encoding .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the transform of the input data .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  create an element from a list of certificates .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  create   bytes
truth:  builds   null

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  infer an func node in the given function node .
truth: function type . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a list of metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  emit that the event event was handled .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  null   n
truth:  fake   fake

test:  return the absolute path to the file .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return calendar version .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  remove all items in a given serialized .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the main method .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  extract the translation from a specific acknowledge .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes an image token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  makes   a

test:  create a new database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of the details of the given node .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   details

test:  add a new content in the specified test .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  turn on the root level to be configured .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  turn   logging
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   back
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs gcs .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a parent specified parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  determine if the given model was an entity model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enforce all of the data files paths to be specified .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   multiply
truth:  if   return

test:  this is used to generate the text of a file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  perform   call
truth:  gets   null

test:  reconfig a vm with vm specified .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  null   record
truth:  null   a

test:  write the synchronized to a file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  p   in
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write a new path to all script .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next series in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the series of each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the polar property from radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create missing languages for project translation .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  create   language
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return an object or a list of an object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file into separate .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   name
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  search all the documents in a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  task to run applications on user defined in django templates .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon access :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  if   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that goes tris bem correctly .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pool
truth:  test   test

test:  import module namespace that are not already in them .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  module   null
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  return a list of files dict and their corner indexes: .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  return   get
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a number .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  publish to demonstrate html for constant_expression .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  null   return
truth:  renders   html

test:  get a module name for working with marker .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  get   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  extract an ipv4 address from a given ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  determine   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a png file from a png extension .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   text
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with bottom .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  null   add
truth:  coupling   null

test:  is the enable_microsites level that doesnt contain any original value .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear an threads from the django object and terminate a json page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp publish mtp if there are any builds .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   pull
truth:  null   null

test:  hash_type new format object from buffer mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  displays the display time and return a new dictionary .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  displays   render
truth:  set   set

test:  encode an object for the given acceptable .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  asserts basic slices matches against a dask with respect to their corresponding statement for [a-za-z0-9] .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of pattern containing given pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  takes   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  function   return
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   otsus
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  log out drive items of clients mail .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  tests   server
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a new session with a particular session .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that test logs an distribution .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   system
truth:  expect   a

test:  convert name into a notes property dictionary .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  name   a
truth:  return   return

test:  does this shifted to perform a users private key .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  does   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this function implements the status of the current service .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  function   product
truth:  view   view

test:  get the carving for a path by the svgreader .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a kb slugquery position .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   get
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return normalized output of the input data for normalized tests .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  normalized   like
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials from a set of abi frame .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   fiducials
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  provides a test from a list of available failed .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  provides   lines
truth:  send   send

test:  test ['g keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get the launchpad teams namespace uri .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to find a function in tensorflow neighborhood .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  to   add
truth:  null   distance

test:  this "information_schema" prints the hdu page .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   stores
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a password .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  create   entries
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string and surrounds .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the ranges to be used in the master .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  search   data
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish expression into a topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folder spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  internal helper method to safely print the partition of partition on partition cli example: .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return information about user via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   description
truth:  return   a

test:  only run if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  upload the given image into the instance .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the measure discrete logarithm of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  find a list of optimal for associated data using optimal algorithm .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   in
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  null   enum
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  the function must be an intersection of the given file .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a unique source file to the path where the given tree is a block .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  create   create

test:  since the cci instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  evaluate   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  sets a ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary of all items in b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  context   null
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the users .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  link the first link of the given feed line .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  gets   results
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare the data filters .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get all python files and separate directories .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  get   script
truth:  yield   null

test:  simulate simple wsgi process options .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the python version as tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert to rgb py2 .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  return the embed key .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  up the raet package .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered modules to output modules .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized authentication object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   a

test:  if option is non-empty .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  known   callback
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the port state cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  restart   csf

test:  this is the do security requests page global or not .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the mean of the metric function .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decorator to print a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  takes   in
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract the all messages that are assigned by the node .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  open a socket port on localhost and return port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  get   a

test:  log that the user is logged and :func:uri_for .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length length from a file into a python file filename .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  return an iterable of valid modification directory named operating system .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   i
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the vdi that the vdi cannot be assigned .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generates a token and counter that a digest[pos bit counter .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an iterator over all possible attribute name .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the token associated with the given action .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   null
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create a new in-memory transport hooked up to the given transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  recursively change schema - for certain schema .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  cache   returns
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the executable hook .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  check version for version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a statements of the string itself .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  filter   comments

test:  remove the color types from a remote file .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  mutable - use unittest2 instead of args .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  evaluates the communication between two results and the results .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  return the meta-data data as defined by graphviz .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  return   data
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a new :class:pandas .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace all double and newline characters with a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   punctuation
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this is a deprecation prepend we need to fix after test code to restore the main beggingin with the data and after insert .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  is   fix
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all lists of systemd models .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the given markup structure .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  null   html
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  escape a conjunctive using the given expression .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve new user according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list of list items in the same random items .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the value of the server for the smtp windows .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if containerized is not being importable .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  if   null

test:  defines the application for each app .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  generates   use
truth:  take   action

test:  indent all nodes in data .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot email with items .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  email   email
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a pointer to a directory for a given name/value .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns active server of servers .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  text   enumerate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  select the hdus .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   class

test:  return a randomly sampled cpu elements of k .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  change   key
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user has the specified group args: name : the name of the user to check for a group returns: str: a user .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  get the name of the current thread .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return list of tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  list   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return the user info of documentation .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   gateway

test:  retrieve the last last last value_field and creates a last last last last value of united .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  difference of a positive integer .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   leakyrelu
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the translation for source .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  get   hook
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a the intersection of a vif .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  adds a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of jobs and put them .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   course
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns an epoch-type for unix key .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  fetches the value of an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  another deprecated .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   alias
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  generates tuple of microsoft inputs from a set of 1st .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform a null record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  run the recover .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  url   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  decorator for tests that the provided key is a fake key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  discover   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and left are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a file in a simple triangulated file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  filename   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test with an inverted js and post elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  puts() should not allow another patched issues .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for cli decorator .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  return the currently active list of current thread .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return the current 'administrator'] e .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets html id from ec2 section of a user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  takes   a

test:  return true if a ref appears the refname[i file .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the specified token or none if an individual token matches the same file .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if file exists and path of pairs .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should temporarily override other other key/value pair .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  attempts to convert a few server to an ip address .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  does   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and returns selectcommitsdialog .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  config   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  remove the system content references from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the resources that can be used as an organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the remote stub object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with simple and establish all derivatives .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  to   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return full platform box of the project .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as init in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  is   package
truth:  package   package

test:  dump the stack trace into the transposes .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   in
truth:  dump   a

test:  resolve an pkg module of a given package or name .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  stop the named container cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert knots into a new result of right public expressions .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   value
truth:  rank   rank

test:  this query response object to make an httpresponse api .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with alpha chars of the given length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  user a new user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   set
truth:  add   add

test:  return a given row and column cell encoding .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a pcap file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns a list of employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a human-readable layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears all registered cache instances .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  download templates .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  wrapper around the encryption interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a generator to a file-like output .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  return   elements

test:  return a hash of the values of the given revision hash .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of jit nodes connected nodes from jit graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   json
truth:  return   data

test:  wraps api requests .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  simple view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  add a user to an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   pool
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  the modegui signal hook which will try to fix the current constants .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  creates a sorted prefix record in prefix .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  construct   decode
truth:  get   python

test:  provides a timestamp showing the given instance and time from seconds .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer for a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  urlencode of a 2-d image .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  null   alpha
truth:  blend   blend

test:  return the repr() text .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  returns   a

test:  re-usable over a particular query .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the rollback rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new path that doesnt include a list of packets .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  create   in
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show the service status .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  query   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable certificate certificate for console identity .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   datetime

test:  display a config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  display   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the id from the given triple id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the flic .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  determine whether the given connection is found .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  implementation of the corrected_barcode: .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   process
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string with the html tags removed .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  mark   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  send an http signup .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  ensures   site
truth:  null   null

test:  return a users database cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end and end of the text if any .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns exclude list of all translation requests .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for set_language_changer methods so original function info space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the jid and return the message id of a specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  will build a new dict .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   =
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  null   case

test:  get an single-sign-on packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parses counters according to a dict .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   update
truth:  parse   a

test:  adds the environment variable and returns the environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   path

test:  given an ec2 resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  ensure   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  check a worked message and sender if those deprecation a status value .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  turn   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the typing of the first diff translatable .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  fit   mne
truth:  check   correctness

test:  simple wrapper of namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  redirect   percentage
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  returns a directed .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   zpool
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return a tuple .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a vowels is short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test source times computation in source data .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  determine the plural for a given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  copied   file
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the similarity norm of *a* in the vectors .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  compute   logs
truth:  null   norm

test:  a decorator for mutating a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  turns   a

test:  assign volume types to volume types .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  do   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is a path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constant constant should have all es 2 .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  backend   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams in dictionary .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  split   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  get one of an http source for a given url .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  look   up

test:  adds a max max .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  run the specified subprocess and return its output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   kill
truth:  run   cmd

test:  returns a random zones file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  open   a

test:  creates a collection of files and a list of documents .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  sets the value of the connection with the specified item .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  check   check

test:  convert unicode object to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   returns
truth:  pack   pack

test:  change the attributes of the given class .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   return
truth:  fix   method

test:  return the representation of the users disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return which depth calls the function 0wrapped .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  extract messages from a portion of a python object .
truth: convert response . 
test:  extract   decode
truth:  convert   response

test:  verify a single wattsstrogatz of no ratio for the specified test .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  utility method for adding networkx graph to xml format of g or dictionary containing graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   node

test:  a release does release test .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  release   null
truth:  null   a

test:  quick test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  return the path to the virtfn instance .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check that value is a valid value of existing value .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  check   doctype
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically return none if the network is an network host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational function .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   network

test:  launches a view .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   version
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the stdout directory .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator for functions that returns the path of files in git .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the status for the given collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  reload an email .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  turns a list into a string .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  turns   get
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  writes text as a maximum element in the document .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  writes   print
truth:  dump   null

test:  creates a serializable for an bson test .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  creates   use
truth:  create   attachments

test:  calling the provided name .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  left   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two points .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  add the points with each component the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  needed   add
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set an object in config .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  set   a

test:  return classified colors for every %s pattern .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  return   read
truth:  add   syntax

test:  mask boolean score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   null

test:  create and also opens a configuration directory for each directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  create   create
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a string to an integer .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  expression service connection pool manager .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  saves   return
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and convert cpu policy identifier .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the timezone name for a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for '<<inherit>>'returnif type packed entries .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   preference

test:  get a list of all the username specified by username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   user

test:  fuzzy checking: for each phred fastq and log files .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from the given string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the uint8 uint8 encoded in an array of ndarray .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read buffer from the request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  read   alias
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a block is a return value .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   current
truth:  is   null

test:  save the bluetooth for working with the given master to install master .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  provides   master
truth:  save   null

test:  return the optimal value for a query .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  tuple   type
truth:  get   a

test:  get a users before setting t1 .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  landing   user
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that turns an object into json serialization structure .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates a collection of collections .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  hyperbolic activation function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a new .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  create   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when a particular document .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  changes   document
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if indentation is a pow of the given indentation .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all alarm events that have not been removed .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() using a record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  align   set
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the index of the iterable vector .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to unpack the opcode according to the given number of bool .
truth: object factory . 
test:  function   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the headers data from the headers .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   structure
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  games an iterable of files .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg text from processor .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown format markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown format markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown markdown
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return the numpy array .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  return   return
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return the shared folders for all users .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to the faces attribute dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import all of the possible modules in settings this module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the tpot descriptor is available .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure the certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  configures the logger mode that unless there is no conversion for the logger whose keys .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  returns   configures
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used to determine the given name for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an xml document for each results in uploaded .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the dot product between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  adds string to a js string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  string   function
truth:  escapes   null

test:  runs the moref .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  list   search
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns a slice .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a csr object from a request .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the status to wait until we hit the status of a given stream to wait .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple used and the os version used used .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the given field value .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escape   format
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculates the value of a single image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy the given element or raise an exception .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  help   convert
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  test if object is a number .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate dictionary of adding the elements of the given list .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return arma for correlation matrix todo: allow interactive .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   include
truth:  get   get

test:  a relative path to the absolute path for backward a resource .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all installed models for all models in the given app .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the basename plugin plugins in the directory structure .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a list of articles and returns the corresponding dict .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reads an existing service and returns a given doc .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   discovery

test:  given a srv reference from the esxi reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry documents specified by cls and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  null   task
truth:  documents   documents

test:  parse authentication by musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  create   deltas
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the full path of the file path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all disabled calls of severity logging .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   log
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for sample fasta file in fasta filepath .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  read a complex python program from a list .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  url   in
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  returns   a

test:  drops duplicate index from table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  drops   name
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns true if expression is a ask .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  clear the xmodule data of the scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clears   session
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to load a valid xml .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  plugin   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  filter design design .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  register a class decorator .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  register   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if symlinks are ready to open a file in even if the path is found .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  anonymously form .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  handles   a

test:  get the tables for the used .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over the abi file handle in a nexml format .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  iterate   network
truth:  breaks   up

test:  sets the global rules used in the current thread .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  serialize unicode strings to strings on python 2 .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  coerce   bytes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wrapper for accessing api query name from the api .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  provided   long
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the timestamp that matches a particular integer .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  performs   add
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint collect collect two lists of disjoint variables parameters n : int number of avro-json .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset offset as a pair of points .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove all function names from the ruby function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  take a series of terms .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  take   calculate
truth:  change   change

test:  only for macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect a list of file names from the list of modules .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   a

test:  delete versions from project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the freeze file with the given arguments .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that an error code is useful correctly .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the potential potential branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  process response for running commands .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  open   null
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search environment .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a path relative to the given path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   return
truth:  join   join

test:  get a valid alarm instance name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  a version of pysqlite that actually known dependencies to their actions .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a new redis database .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  performs   socket
truth:  test   test

test:  compute value of the 0 .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  align   a

test:  assign the contents of pareto individuals .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  import   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests if the creation quality similar to early .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches branch .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the summary of the specified range .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   split
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to get/create a new permission source .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  test   populate
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the function is a bound generator .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list the nopoliciesfound' properties .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get all tuples in the twisted plugin .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  ensure   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  remove all users in a tunnel .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  connect   set
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  set the new post user .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope publish jenkins to the build .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  output all the kullback-leibler executable in the filepath .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  null   packages
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the tile mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  tests   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange exchange from a dict and return the content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the full stub object .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed sendundo .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes anchor .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  outputs   convert
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract a files out of the compiled option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   callback
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated in the deprecated deprecated .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   c
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  search a option and defined for each option .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  search   type
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to mark magic memory as http requests .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the time per prime vectors in the input vectors per prime vectors per topic .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the synopsis of a string with all the whitespace and read_user_dict .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  replace   versions
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  converts a view to a numpy dtype .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given dtype or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  custom generate lines of a line drops lobster tracking some lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated deprecation warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  run the process .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   need
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy rules as a sequence of executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   return
truth:  run   html

test:  the cache of all of the database: tests .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  multiplication of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return command line arguments to the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  export for package? .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  null   get
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  run command with arguments and return its output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   command
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of all users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  computes the mime-type count of an array .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  set   count
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  given a file object from a thrift .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  given   information
truth:  read   read

test:  return an iterable of type body from the original schema .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  return   op
truth:  extract   null

test:  move a text object to the device reuse_db using gpu .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  error   error

test:  returns the constant loss for variational urllib .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze freeze .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  launch a process into direct_declarator .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  function used for "modern" code .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns list of allocated hosts associated with a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple inputted to get the middle version of debconf shared variables .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques cliques of the given nodes .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that the given magic is done correctly .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of all servers for the given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find a sample file for a file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fetch the list of policy policy prefixes .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search files in file-like object .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   args
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a helper for the bold/underline/etc method .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  checking a string and a lowercase .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  string   string

test:  inject any top-level specified .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   inject

test:  course user with checkout .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all virtual hosts and match the firewall-cmd specific hosts on the system .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  list filesystem files in a eggs eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  list   path
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a dict of nested group whose keys were in [0 .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a lambda on the given persistence in the lambda service .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector source files are javascript .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  null   subjectselector
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns an absolute path if any of the absolute path passed in is an absolute path of rfc tab .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  count the missing block using the coroutine .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  count   close
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call threaded_server .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  test   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  sets the version to be used for a script at a given version .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  function   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  get the gradient value from a collection of value .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  get   op
truth:  quantize   a

test:  takes a salt aws type .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  get   setting
truth:  create   a

test:  get a unique service profile file path for the provided service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  completions connection with instances .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  receives the input given the user from lang-specific .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  discover   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' normalization with shared data .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   greyscale
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon from polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   figure
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of service columns for service .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that the state of the state does not exist .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  ensures   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a unique tool for the named tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as url if it .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  quotes   return
truth:  null   a

test:  make a test for adding the user to a defined icon .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  make   test
truth:  patch   patch

test:  clear the form form .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clear   method
truth:  to   actions

test:  check if we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime object into a datetime object .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   connection
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which we get deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   up
truth:  is   null

test:  compile the regex for exchanges or routed clearing .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a kroneckerdeltas of a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ensure that the stopped module is raised when the stopped state is enabled .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all html separated text .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates all the base directory for all the files created .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   os
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by svgreader .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  restore a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  return the landing style representation of yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  return   shortcut
truth:  dump   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes xs .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  return the list of all available formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  =   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a extension .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns **using map from any hints at the given center .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to a base64 encoded images .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  base64   base64

test:  clear a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   series

test:  return points corresponding to the given tournament network .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  remove the locate that are currently installed as the new hash .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  return the matching source file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template from a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns the post with a different response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a function definition .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  requests   definitions
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator to add a fullscreen class to an item .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all migrations for the given migration filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  set a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format from two-element commands .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  return whether the given content type is a valid form .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  return a string of unknown reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a number to a ip address .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  count   count

test:  sets the server delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns studio and parse metadata from xml schema .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of breadcrumbs for a ancestors admin page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a folder that added to a folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if test data filename is a test file .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate the last hdu to make changes to each parameters .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  build   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  concatenate a list of blocks in the input data into a list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  context   multiple
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  figure out the existing group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  null   path
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  reads a bytestring level or python file descriptor .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  reverse   tuple
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the byte string value .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  normalize   messages
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a number of entity into a string .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a deb site to be installed .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  require   checks
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a list of notification names that has a particular declaration .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  builds a custom object from a stc object and assign custom data to the trees .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  builds   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all files of string-like and directories .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  replace   files
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  check if the completion client can be enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  if   limit
truth:  check   check

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that calls a function so that it gets called before storing it .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a windows path to open in seconds .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns list with regex and chars being supstituted .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  check the full path to the database .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  check   fixture
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert the links into dest .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the address belongs to an ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   ipv4
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates a model instance .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove restart from low contents .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  remove   xml
truth:  compare   contents

test:  return the pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return a number of vectors to make the score operator .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an image to the image .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   numeric
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  relative strength index .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  rate   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the l1 * .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the program can %s\n' .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  if the log is valid .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  if   threshold
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a request .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  deprecated in the current frame .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam watching a question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  test the 'ct authored from the 'ct .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  cleans   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  makes sure that the type is a template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks if the database is member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file with l{libvlc_media_list_lock} and types .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front segment inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate utility decorator to 52428800 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  file   read
truth:  if   null

test:  validate whether the ip address for a given ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   error
truth:  if   null

test:  computes the size of the values of the dataset .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  rank   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse user namespaces and convert it into a pep xml document .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check if the moonish graph for creating and properly .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  make   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  get the plural for the current request .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of versions currently sorted list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return whether the given server should be made on a socket .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get block block device of a page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  block   model
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the directory to upload files .
truth: release the package . 
test:  make   uploads
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  template tag for 2d environment in the running environment if needed .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  build   build

test:  open command from stdout .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  open   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  adds various color transitions are inner in labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  color   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return hessian from gauss-hermite and path with a given nan .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  return   password
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if or is a loader object .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  open a python package with a function .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the default time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  return   time
truth:  modified   get

test:  check if the labels is a valid ipv4 or not .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a file is a directory .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given name is a 'event' can be used .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  tests   name
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test whether bad bigip is loaded .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copies the fields of a nested instance to the instance_type directory .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copies   convert
truth:  copy   a

test:  check if the connection is servers .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  wrapper around the logged-in .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   success
truth:  test   test

test:  .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  get a process instance of a process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  get   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts an image to a image dictionary .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  internal routine for designation while added .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set difference difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the path to the packages for a given distribution .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if file file can be found in javascript .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  collect the hook files of a unix operation .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  return the named service .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   name
truth:  analyse   a

test:  helper function to check if kb is kb a string of values from kb file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  function   null
truth:  reading   reading

test:  generate a test to get tool for json .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  return pack directories in a directory at domain .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  settings   function
truth:  load   credentials

test:  convert context object to systemd by the desired data directory .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the object is a test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  function   return
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  converts any url if it minimizes to a user that just isnt sending unsafe characters need to be unsafe from .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create a temporary directory path which contains the 'sqlmap' to create of the file .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  represent a job until it does not have any of the step .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  does   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock section for the given courses date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for cli example: .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  sets the vmwareapisessions to a grid .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  sets   add
truth:  null   part

test:  return a sample tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the user object returned by the secrets database and signature verification and signature as the secrets database for the specified secret object .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test types that have been fully clrclr .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   frappe
truth:  null   type

test:  return true if x is a valid keywords .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  returns a function to the given query string .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  produces   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  extracts the posted roads limit from roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a response string into a tuple .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate the bytecode generate the *worder* downloads of autotest_web .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   in
truth:  find   find

test:  notify for arp files in the automatic property .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  notify   rename
truth:  print   print

test:  update apps .
truth: clear document . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  document   document

test:  load the sample images from the chain of a directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  same as a binary tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   output
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve all configuration of the base device .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  retrieve   training
truth:  warn   null

test:  return url and service url for sure perf_100nsec_timer used when positional .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  url   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the similarity of the two 1d values .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  format the formatted number of a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a complex relative version of a relative image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pause the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  null   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  dictionary-like accuracy .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  poll   get
truth:  =   =

test:  returns true if the list of redefine and equation have a jump_statement .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  returns   probability
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove the noise device names from the device .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  remove   errors
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add event from the minion and create event on event .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  add a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  routing   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure from the specified image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  returns the site key for the given site settings .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set some http headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   script
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new member to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily change jinja project id for a particular environment cli example: .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  cleans   script
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  standard pipeline in loadcontext .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  get the current ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build a list of strings .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   skeleton
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test get_file_list .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  return whether the given ip address passed to the supplied cidr .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of files in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve articles and resolve a model .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a list of distances .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to skip test if we can skip this test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  recursively return the absolute path object .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' draft metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  implement all instances of dimensions and returns them .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  m   return
truth:  get   get

test:  changes a control file to be uploaded .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  look for the platform file .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete an elasticache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base name of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  extract a categorical from a course .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  rendering   rendering
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bottom copy .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  normal ordered an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  order   order
truth:  write   null

test:  convert a string to a determine value .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  converts   file
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce rackspace and keep again .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  the version of inspect .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  null   update
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class specified by a function .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the size of the current python source file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  this is anomalous .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  is   results
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  raise configurationerror with given error .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  raise   msg
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the given module is logged .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   send
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates the current operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the xmodule that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  run a service request on the image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  uses cache to get the unix cache key for models in the import database .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arcsin function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   documents
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  build the default weight scope for inception worksheet method .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  build   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup to setup statements with curve auth with curve auth 2) .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  if no constraints is true .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  report report for the specified cdao .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  select   close
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' property for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  if given attribute has a test .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  if   return
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a function f .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and angle t1 t1 and a line through and angle t1 angle t1 angle a line through a line through and b
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  myloc -> str arguments: id : file of id equals .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both the 1-indexed and season if we can be parsed back to its original form for
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the most of the keys contained in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   key
truth:  filter   filter

test:  convert the quoted for a quote .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  returns   strings
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module version or module name .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users help user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  feature can have any features .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided url belongs to the passed url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  generates the samples of the provided rng the input matrix .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers in the untrusted .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this is the conditional interface for the current thread .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted id by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  a decorator for password .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the current python document is valid .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  check   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  remove leading whitespace from a block of text .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of strings .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   merge
truth:  get   a

test:  add test suite by test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the default data set to capable encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of the minimum .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return the string containing primary titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  return   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a new child certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the fetch value is google than or google api .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add paths to y paths .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a list of certificates to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return augeas from file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  return   null
truth:  content   content

test:  adds a request with the given authentication header based on the following fields: - connect to the request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  adds   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  writes the dictionary to a file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  text   text

test:  find the length of the immutable letter from id .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  aborts to a server url and returns the http url for http url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  to   url
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that a tab type passed in the configuration argument .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  ensures   exists
truth:  throws   null

test:  deployment a missing deployment uuid .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  open   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the hardware address assigned to an ipv4 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if we can still support this file .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   check

test:  encode text to text its a cookiecutter .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  encode   print
truth:  print   print

test:  turns an locale settings to make it have the embedded secret .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  update   a

test:  set up messages version of django messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  set   render
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the word is a word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  if   in
truth:  if   null

test:  create a django template .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a id"{ cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   service
truth:  delete   a

test:  start a dependencies dictionary from the given list of tuples .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  start   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter using gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   pick
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests suggestion get permission to the given suggestion .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  get the context from the last line .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for specified options .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  map   map

test:  verify some information in a certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  verify   routine
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for 2x2 works with actual measure works .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  url   url

test:  saves the list to the temporary file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a users review request id .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  default   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the disk usage of a path to the percent .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse <phrase> -- handle aws data .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  get stderr name for processs for :func: .
truth: print with color . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http error .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  if passed is importable .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  represent the xml element contained within a attrib[a interface .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  searches   create
truth:  removes   null

test:  test the embedding_attention integration .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the number is none .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  establish data to the connection .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  publish   return
truth:  prepare   null

test:  return a list of all data for the given one .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  return   secrets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  returns the build hash defined by desired hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  get updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   scale
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape string to list .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  helper to get commands that banded on the customization .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   setting
truth:  link   a

test:  computes the edge magnitude using the given image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  find   find

test:  only load the current data from an grains .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper to calculate data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  display   ret

test:  parse an xml .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the connection using doctest we know about linux switch .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  ensure   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  simulate that the pattern found in the given process .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  simulate   expand
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the kolmogorov-smirnof lbrace element .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate the nth int .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  validate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper method to get rid of a url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that inverse of inverse setting of inverse setting .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   version
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of clauses .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  return   no
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a rank .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  given   calls
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  inspects inspects in the original pointer .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  call   call

test:  return a database connection shed url for the given tool shed api .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns requests .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the list of lines from the output .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  adds   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint checkpoint directory path .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  like views .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  builds a copy of elements from a sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  builds   element
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return file with the input data/header .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send an example message to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test wcs class can be initialized with a different python 2 and the 3d form .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   prewitt
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   parse
truth:  validate   a

test:  converts s3 key into the s3 bucket .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes cumulative correlation coefficient .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  weighted   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a calendar frequency from a dict .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  validate a tuple object that the displaying a given artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the client if course has been configured by course_key .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  null   api

test:  return svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks if a string is an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   shortcut
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string like 5 days into dotted .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent a value .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  change   update
truth:  given   indent

test:  lash a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  lash   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds all sequences in seq_possibilities sorted by closest features are same as no sequence appears all weighted match sequences .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: home page . 
test:  count   wiki
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip a test for a database .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get the video status .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to 8bit .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the default group uid cli example: .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an event by sending it to the server .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make sle from incoming before displayed .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  make   name
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache the return value of a sequence .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a valid index table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the available logging platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the int length of a tlen int .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a asksaveasfilename .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  should not resolve interpreter if given path if directory has set .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate unit['id'] .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  generates   pprint
truth:  null   helper

test:  get default retryparams for given file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  default   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return default value for running a range of data .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  default   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user and remove its group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  disable the name of the num_shards with name enabled .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   view
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary where the import of the plot .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract the given cnt keys from a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  returns the path .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get tuple of all possible parameters bits : ndarray value of the given number of 1s .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  verify the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load module from a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  module   imports
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove directory from current directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the value of a service about page .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  get   null
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup a new fd .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  start   server
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a boolean of whether the given expression matches the category .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  returns   escape
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  return a list of all matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get tags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  gets   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd as pillar data from pillar .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  takes two strings and returns the corresponding datetime objects .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap the facts used in a wire line .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  normalize   build
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a coroutine method to retrieve a module from the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient step data .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal decorator to update the api .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  edgecolors[color feature by click .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  handle   time
truth:  color   channels

test:  import paths with python related variables .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  set   get
truth:  import   import

test:  return a datastore instance of datastore operations .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given router is an owner router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string representation .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  get a list of short ids from the given list of key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string with mailchimp from a mailchimp segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns notification endpoints for given batch .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if paths exists .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  checks   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator for attributes that use goals in the npm option .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the members of the members .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  aggregate   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop permutations to the given much comment .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   key
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check gcrs<->altaz transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   gcrs<->cirs
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  take a *code function and return a trackinfo function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  performs   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  unicode unicode characters in the string with any given character .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  iterate over bytes .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  compare two lists of strings in an str .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  compare   one
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a human-readable question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return list of currently being executed .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  map   current
truth:  request   worker

test:  function or sets arguments for get arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  code   null
truth:  create   create

test:  save image with the specified image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  creates a client for the specified cache client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates static folder from the static folder folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  collects   install
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns true if the specified type is a class .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  takes html header .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a native path to the following python binary .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   output
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type name for type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts code from a previously added app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  change   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get model class by id when a dataset uses the same input .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  model   event
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges of the partition of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_registry
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the supplied fully qualified should appear or lettuce .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  following   following

test:  function to merge all streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds reserved state to a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  update   update

test:  show the app cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the user is retrieved and the current user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the two strings .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  null   request
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   changes
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from pypi .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  is the given bytecode of a file of a given ols test .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  is   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a valid dn function .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  null   versions

test:  return a port file for the *ctx* .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   nginx

test:  adds a new entry prefix to the keys key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets a datetime object for the format .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of inputs .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  given a list of corpus .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  given   djangos
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the function names .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return bash command in successful successful command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the new-style mixing matrix for a attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  find   waits
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve the certificate to the specified file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the rabbitmq node to its virgin of the specified port cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  start   start

test:  raises :exc:assertionerror against "a" differences .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find a valid elastic image by name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user on a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  request for approvals methods with an account .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  aggregate   request
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot figure with each dataset .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  does this function have an atom level .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap the given string to a copy of the series/index .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the base directory of all files in the given environment .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  format weekly count count .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  git   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when the color is enabled .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  ensure that a path is available in sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  remove ssl auth value .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a range file and checks if a range contains one .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if we are using the changelog .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return package information .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   check
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a hook .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests whether the suggestion changed from the suggestion is set .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   features
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with a single image .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save a new model model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  sets domain to use namecheap dns returns a dictionary of information about the domain_name domain_name string dns value of the resources to which the domain_name servers cli example: .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  launches api to make request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validate 'bower--version' .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add with preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  get   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of the files names and element_id as a single command .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   list
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common divisor .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   linear
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw http:// size .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run the bokeh test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale the translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  make   method
truth:  to   null

test:  list testview displayed characters .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  list   function
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate two implemented for sparse svg .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  evaluate   matrix
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get the submodules for a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a list of hosts used in the zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if the given mode is currently closed .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prefixes __init__ file and the fact that should not be stripped .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  remove   information
truth:  run   facter

test:  converts a number to its weighted harmonic integers .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  converts   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download error page .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   controller
truth:  download   a

test:  take logical volume merge with snapshot and stderr .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  merge   check
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for marking a function to skip a certain decimal128 name .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with cross product of cross product objects .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  apply   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  if x is a sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  if   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test ]cross works with different probability objects .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  test   bin
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing columns to convert the elements in a tensor .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  unsqueezing   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test inverse of zipimport .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   indent
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning spanning graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  ignore a function for the elements of warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   output
truth:  ignore   null

test:  given a positive function and g .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  given   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get the vertexes where the stl part in the stl list .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  get   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  due to a tile .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  prints   datetime
truth:  creates   a

test:  call the back to be passed before loading it as a numpy csf .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   gradient
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  etcd the closest crc16 of the given timestamps .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to find all rows in a person entity hierarchy a person entity defines .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  long line candle .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   baby

test:  determine whether a block device name belongs to bson .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  block   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  output the status of uids onto the git database .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  output   null
truth:  check   check

test:  ajax filename into a bytestrings serialization .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  filename   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  takes a list of network devices and converts the rest of the file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  takes   compare
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of the cyclic database .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  this function handles components of a day .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  mask   add
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   listening
truth:  kill   kill

test:  reload the module from a given name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only resource in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restore ext2 for all option space conversion .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   callback
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a new client from a hadoop client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   version
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive list items in a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  list   list

test:  the mandatory cobbler module .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for product of terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii name .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  determine vertices of shape_i and y function at the positive function .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return the autocomplete from the given url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert unicode data to python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  add a request to the locale .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  map   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new group with the given name .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  if   alias
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space or unicode instance into unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for running expression definition with common attributes: sequences in the environment .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  convert state returned by default to cgi ; on windows .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  does a dictionary of config uploads .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  does   dependencies
truth:  make   null

test:  make a list to values of iterators key .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   element

test:  returns a boolean value of the right function .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  a decorator to run a class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the index of the pixels .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  support   mean
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of which to get the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only run this module if its supported .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  null   rest
truth:  check   check

test:  sign a receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  reissues   null

test:  raises an exception if value is a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  finds a cache file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  format data to a pretty format .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  format   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the job controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  get   in
truth:  to   controller

test:  this function is used to constructs a widget class fields from the {u'required' class .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  null   context
truth:  null   a

test:  dumps the object to a file .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  dumps   like
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to discover the program and fix for the program .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  check   print
truth:  return   return

test:  return the lhs component of the lhs if it is the given lhs .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  validate   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a */\n#define .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return show on minions defined and states cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   server
truth:  show   show

test:  print a status message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  dump   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  deprecated: get the user arguments to be an optional handler .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  =   return
truth:  send   send

test:  read a new file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a configuration of the appropriate api jwt .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a file containing the trees of n x objects .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  display   null
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get alternate group group given a group and group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   group

test:  convenience method to generate json file and return a dict of result .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   json
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  maps   string
truth:  string   string

test:  converts windows to a windows path .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if path is a reparse of the file on windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  func decorator that allows a function or method at the same time .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  func   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  if the given string is valid .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  if   string
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent -> string return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of substring capitalized .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   s
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a pages for an alert if the desired "references" example:: also renders the desired text for a u'admin/includes/quick != /s/url .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  renders   view
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  decode messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  decode   in
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the instructions name of the stream .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  get   check
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  returns true if the files exist .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to get leading and returns the right .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  draw   null

test:  matches out the api calls and returns a "value" object with the api suggest suggest handlers .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  does   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  return formatted name .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the gui string for a pull version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  given   a

test:  return a line .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dummy function to ensure that the temporary directory is passed as calls it .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  function   shortcut
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the ctypes prototype for the given function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   module
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the lowering chain of a set of filesystem objects .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two values above give two inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  swap   return
truth:  if   in

test:  a function for unpickling unpickling .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return source and all ansi spaces in the t-1 .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   ansi
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  tests that g are consistent in g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the executable executable in the given directory .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  file   file

test:  return a tuple of lines read from requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  return   gml
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  append   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  show all comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  import module by name and return the module containing the associated with a given name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  module   null
truth:  given   null

test:  determines if a number is compatible till now .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator for every repository .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update the ~astropy .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  set   null
truth:  include   include

test:  does this image have been replaced with at least one .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  error   error

test:  get a list of the available matches the specified settings in the debug page .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value to a primitive representation .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the minion to use for the minion .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   users
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns inclusion_one_param for flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  boolean   flavor
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to parse the server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   command
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a matchscorer to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   fieldexpression
truth:  copies   fields

test:  helper function which .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merges two sorted arrays into the associated connection .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  stores   change
truth:  context   manager

test:  return elements of sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if the ctypes is running on ctypes .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  updates updates to human-readable bytes .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  return   default
truth:  stripping   null

test:  return an object of the given python script .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  validates   pprint
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  takes a link name and returns data .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a browsercommands copy of the given iterable .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  get an s3 image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if x and y is a cocoa .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  return   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads temporary file of a new dataset from dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   client
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that all missing messages are created correctly of a thread gets missing for threads .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  ensure   mail
truth:  test   test

test:  dynamically load a dotted module and return the class path like: module .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  null   django

test:  setup method of clients to setup mail .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  open   null
truth:  to   null

test:  instantiate a list of aws columns based on a dataset .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sorts   table
truth:  format   items

test:  immediately version of the textwrap .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test basic tokens with same arguments .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a /project/<pid>/node/<nid> fits string or a file-like object .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  time   unicode
truth:  determine   null

test:  use_ssl a polynomial seperated .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  evaluates   docstring
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group if he isnt in group of the group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a random string of degree and community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generates   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dict from a dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  remove   arguments
truth:  takes   a

test:  search for a process and returns a dict of lists .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  search   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the fields .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pad   data
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and set the global dictionary with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test case of django .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   language
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns the dummy user specified to now .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the command line to the target .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   event
truth:  write   null

test:  insert user for information .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  username   json
truth:  view   view

test:  delete the proper file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a ['false' object: .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  print the xml representation of an xml string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  print   xml
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate a unique egg for a resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the parameters of a weighted penalty or group of layers for a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  creates a variable stored on name and returns a dict .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last index name .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the neato binary sensor platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse and return a pair .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write an url to a destination file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  write   open
truth:  download   download

test:  an object or compiled file descriptor from .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  search for git requests .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  search   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives attacks plugin percentage using the console .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  get   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some more predefined from the english cache .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   starting
truth:  test   span

test:  simple batch client to add the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  use   null
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a list of entities and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  returns   entities
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  return a dict of parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  split   split

test:  given two values .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  given   return
truth:  func   func

test:  remove all references from the kb paths .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes 1 of inputs .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  ropefolder user has been removed .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  moves   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute 3 histogram of interval for which interval is true .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  null   histogram
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  project dipole integral .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  weighted   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return true if name is a string .
truth: for example . 
test:  to   imports
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get a version string indicating that the installed version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic with the n-bits vector of a vector .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  transform   triangulation
truth:  note   note

test:  converts all z unittest types to underscores .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that pip gives a partial requirements dict with a local version of requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update the stdout stdout .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  update   update
truth:  list   list

test:  as long component component so it binary string has its component .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the direction type associated with a given interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete an elasticache replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute the reciprocal of the input array .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  save the list of file to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   file
truth:  update   a

test:  data can be numpy array or the data .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  get a queryparser configured to a network device .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  confirm that all arguments are assigned .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  null   null

test:  add a craft plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable stream with rpmbuild .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncate a string to be written by a file truncates and qual conversion to truncate after a length of the fastq conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   back
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a copy of a document .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   force
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that the given dependency is installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   rollback
truth:  get   vector3

test:  adds two numbers together .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  adds   aggregate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make a tunnel to the current term in the node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return node object to the given descriptor object .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  show the preferred time of the given constraints .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a new ofs instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  to   function

test:  upload the directory to resume upload files in this version of a provided module .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of exploration ids of completed by completed .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that the parameter passed in is a valid already in the database cli example: .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  get the *fd* of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all of an artist on a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  computes   sin

test:  return a list of the details of the specified member .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  return   detach
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  check check internal internal check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check check internal internal check check check .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  check   lists
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup a file or setup dependencies .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  yield   path

test:  check that files contained within a new instance of the test .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  check   null
truth:  process   process

test:  public link to the git document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  fix   service

test:  check if the given view view is currently buffered .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  if   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset counters[technique] .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  be   permissions
truth:  query   query

test:  return the path to the distortion for an available interface cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  check if a number is proposed type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set up a streamhandler buffer for the given topic .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  set   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix cosine .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return string representation of the native python implementation .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  return data to a flat condition return a list of strings specified as integer or across all the strings passed for condition and kwargs after kwargs .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of dhcp option containing the current option values .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signature message body .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  return   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  disables aslr via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the position of the current position in the entire position of the state given by the dotted position of blocks .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the whole description from the whole specified path .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return whether or not given values with bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  filename   reverse
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option bad dhcp options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new elastic hash .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  default special special special special level for the matplotlib .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  package   package

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller - used for adding/editing that we can access this table .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  render template with a unicode string or unicode .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  template   converts
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset that returns a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds f to the first element of f and cache .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  results   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all of the valid user cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   strings
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the commit id that a project sent by the project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given an necessary machine .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates mock actions that yields actions from s3 .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   validations
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc b .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launches gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  differentiate   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the indented version of object to indentation line .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about a square about completed content .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return the local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stderr a context manager that reads some stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   stderr
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for interpolated serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clear the template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  clears   time
truth:  reset   reset

test:  get the project id to translation projects .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  get   file
truth:  return   a

test:  determine the event type on sensitive .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  process   process

test:  execute queries with the data .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  debugging   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  expect a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  join   calls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric metric of nodes and b .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  function to strip pair from the class output .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a valid connection groups .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  imports the rest framework script or a goofy .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  solve   uses
truth:  locate   a

test:  find the three valued elements in a parity vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create tags to a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  get a message with the given jsonable access .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function creates a new monitor monitor request .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  get   return
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tuple .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action for documents .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all intersections from the loop going through the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  get   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified file and resizes its serialization .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  a fixture which will try to save the data for the gauss-legendre .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given test .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  adds the current connection to each host and wait until it is allowed .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  do   return
truth:  starts   null

test:  ensure exception is loaded .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  exception   translate
truth:  translates   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check python code for a python code .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  wrapper to get messages from the server level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  given   imports
truth:  module   module

test:  return the network version of the shape using the shape model .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   compat
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given action is &<>" .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' strips suffix -e or rendered as a macro .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   returns
truth:  step   step

test:  sends the given topic to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  if   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  power of linear coil_trans .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  return a string identifying the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a template value that is a string or a variable which is the right kwarg value .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  does   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the unit position to a get_init instance .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  remove the .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorate a function or method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a new git repository that matches expected .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a random a+b+c} log p .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  use   use

test:  creates a detect of all status information from the system .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  setup   data
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get pillar summary of a pep describes .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   get
truth:  import   a

test:  debug function for the more entities .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the index of k which can be something to equal to the key .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  when a panel is created .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   column

test:  return the given string in lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all files in the specified directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the data from a file path .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   path

test:  convert a string representation of time since epoch to an epoch of time in seconds .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  check that the node list is an nodes in the given block .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  check   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  this function is the same as nan .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  determines whether the task should be a callable to or a callable function .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  determines   request
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  first use the job registration .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  use   use
truth:  starts   a

test:  returns a tuple with the contents of the batches .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check pillar pillar data is to work on all active filters: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns a random path to a program + looking at the end of the given position .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  reshape iterator .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string to the vo string .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   stream
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a 'contrastchange' change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all locales .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  public routine to check up up up the clients .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   form
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert value to int or integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits until a list to be created .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  does   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove leading collection of zp .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  whitespace   patch
truth:  context   context

test:  check and try to import a python module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  to   try

test:  checks that label is a valid form: u .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  checks   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  indefinite indefinite .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the loop to call a function before speedy a callable .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the subprocess server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  change the default greenlet based on the function of a docstring .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  change   flask
truth:  create   a

test:  queries all methods of crash .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  queries   show
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string - used for testing the connection cli example: .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  add a group name and desired group id to the output of a specific elb .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of services to which status wants to use for rabbitmqctl property .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  trim the template at the command line to be used for the immediately at the location of the template engine to find the command line arguments before execution: .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  restart   return
truth:  uses   rar

test:  make sure that all have the same memory as well .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  hypermedia_in two sorted block_device_mapping e .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a theme list for all packages specified in a theme .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return the leading norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code from local directory structure .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a helper which is called to change of the tests .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a country calling code is a possible country code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this function is used to mark a function for the decreasing .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  do not parse url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  empty   click
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of intersections in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an empty "dpid .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute a transform of two values .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the email address and commit the email address provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with a none chart .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   generator
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get_prosite_entry reduction for a list of image matches the source_url and can be searched for a single module .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees of a given object .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a ros service name .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test application right .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  nuke attribute from source to the device .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer after the given integer from the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete large inverse parameters p1 and value of any data set .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  clears   regression
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that value is a valid dict .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given url .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   confusion
truth:  start   start

test:  push refs in a remote host .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  null   a
truth:  push   push

test:  make sure that logging works correctly after acknowledge the logger .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  make   create
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the details and default values of the given string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast only one element to the x .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of limited nodes logged-in tree nodes per second argument to limit and returning all associated values .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   one
truth:  function   function

test:  load the el nino data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  turn a list of tuples into a single string .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  turn   decode
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  converts a certain color to a complex graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the query' api service .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   latex
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  sets the ipdb for the current thread .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  sets   loader
truth:  null   a

test:  check if blob is a blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  if   list
truth:  get   a

test:  disable all ssh events on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the set of languages languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   resize
truth:  return   a

test:  get request stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   set
truth:  account   account

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   loss
truth:  return   activation

test:  convert comments from a datetime .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  transform   json
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep for the series of the given crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load any collectors associated with a given module and collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  update subscription subscriptions on all nodes of a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  update   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given some of the given object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  given   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group user view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  access   add
truth:  add   add

test:  maximum of the minimum value in the tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  null   deviation

test:  get a vcenter or raise if the port does not exist or has the network .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  link the status of <slack+plugin> .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  if   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  watch   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get an formatted color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  format a constructor for a decoder for a given future .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  format   guess
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the gen in which sets a negative table .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  sets   correlation
truth:  null   null

test:  update the database .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   callback
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates a compiler compiler of node bits .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression lparen type_name rparen .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns true if the os .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  print console output to stdout and raise an error if an error is given .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   logging
truth:  enable   console

test:  get an api key .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  returns   dict

test:  for a password command line interface .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  function   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  decorator to convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the relationship specified user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the total lower bounds .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  join two rows by removing 29-bit and join .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle on collection rows from an alternate tuple .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  creates   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  get a list of sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  get   compute
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test the details of the input data so the numpy array is in distance from distance attribute array .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore options that start with the specified code .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   shows
truth:  if   check

test:  wrapper around external -l .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  execute   null

test:  main method for cleaning up configuration and returns a pep decimal128 .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  null   like
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses a ansi html string and returns a list of ansi .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute the paired distances between the paired distances in x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run flocker-volume with the given scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  convert an image to a project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  project   image

test:  return information about a linux group .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  check   return
truth:  list   list

test:  install internet combo if the python interpreter is installed .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  get a signature for sessions that does not have ssl .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  is   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do a png 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  check if the object has been a version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode string with a time value of seconds .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  merge a background background image with a background thread .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  time   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the thumbnail url with a pull request path .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  called every time left after the instance was committed .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  is   signal
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  handle   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return list of all negative if required .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple helper method to return a list of tags for rdict .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  diags polynomial of the shape .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a public config .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  set   up

test:  return datetime objects for given datetime .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle unpickle unpickle unpickle module and wait its content .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  release a unique id from the /nbextensions *d* .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  release   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert the contents of the batchjob grouping into the main grouping .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  normalize unicode .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is an undirected graph .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dynamically load an attribute setting a specific object and return a class representing a string like: ascii object .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   null
truth:  module   module

test:  return the spherical element from a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  draw a randomly generated distribution .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote strings of the appropriate value .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  null   iterable
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a list of ipv4 keys from the given request and return a handle .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  in various website from python .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a table with the given color value .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  create   check
truth:  build   a

test:  update the pairs based upon all pairs .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert an xml timestamp to posix datetime .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  mark   email
truth:  convert   http

test:  cases: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  downloads the fetch response from referer server .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  downloads   data
truth:  return   return

test:  mock helper method to the mysql url .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a virtual interface from the table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change confirmation site using the http email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a delimiter onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected error message shown for an error message .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use the controls .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   prompt
truth:  use   use

test:  list all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  dynamically be created when a function is created .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  posts   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  null   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  return true if mytable matches the url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  prints running loss for a step .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates new get_distros() bits for event speaker .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  rewrite the given docstring into changed .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  rewrite   solve
truth:  entries   entries

test:  returns a list of variables from a given environment .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   one

test:  return a filename .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns terminal columns of an terminal memory .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  oh -> 5 .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  image in the system .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resize   a

test:  return the list of all users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an object with a list of objects and the arguments .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder that should be a boolean and convert the bytes to any bytes format .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  helper to return a valid filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given baseline is a valid baseline string or not .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where image is one .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  filter   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  reject   keys
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   stmts
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a public key with the public key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convert encoding to utf-8 and system encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  encoding   utf8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  helper function for modules and initializes static files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  generate   a

test:  save the specified jid .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  test translator file and on-disk file extension .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   translator
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an compression record .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns: an absolute path to a file .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  return the documents of all html documents off the last html .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as non-shiny .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dism .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - recursively .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return sha1 hash of a job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   function
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a csr sparse matrix to a csr where the scipy is an iterable of weighted attribute of weighted server space .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove keys from dictionary whose keys are items in the dictionary .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the app on a window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that provides an u'module' shell for test case .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give different icrs<->gcrs ecliptic objects .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  parse a content-type if given header is set .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the lowering x: svd and perform them .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   r
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter value of the given parameter .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the path to the zipline root of zipline root of zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   value
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a specified schema to a list of attributes .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  read   a

test:  split and return options from a string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  short   user
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a method with method .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize correlation with python related controllers .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that when an manifest is deleted .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  ensure   edit
truth:  update   extension

test:  send an event to all an event channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  a function of thrusting nodes or renders a tree of *individual* in the tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the salt cloud config values .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if file filename ends with file name .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator that splits a iterable of lists of the iterable n the elements in the nmap way .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the changes applied by a salt job config file .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  undo   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the suggest user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the current rss sample .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  takes   current
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that our suggestion doesnt be ignored in the list object with a system to the end of the file extension .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   docstring
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new dictionary of attributes .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if network is on every network .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  partition a list of disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a valid integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build the fused entry from a base64-encoded or a list of fused .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  build   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface name .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a replacement for the unhashables .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  block   block

test:  maskscore the maskscore over the input weighted score .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  null   average
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support support support support to be enabled .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the application for a gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  quote an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return the current time in seconds as a byte string .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  for image backends - is being overriden in the current figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return task dict for a certain task .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  determine   options
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  return the url to be used for an url entries .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns bridges interfaces along with enslaved physical interfaces .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check if the icrs bar distance works .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   return
truth:  decorated   null

test:  decorator for marking tests that the argument passed in the argument to a function .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  training the given list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the all iso genericdatasetjob info of a format based on module the current format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  gets   call
truth:  null   a

test:  find resource experiment element from the resource .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case child child node that is one child of parsing .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper decorator for creating a temporary lookup file and return a new temporary file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return the python module name .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  call openid request on messages .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test fit and sample routines with fit for fit .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new theano value .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  create   in
truth:  function   function

test:  patch python backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  convert a column to a pandas cluster .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  drops   drops

test:  return the footer in the given obj .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  deletes text into account and removes all trashed attached text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  delete   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  check whether the text of all text are within a valid value .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new child device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  join a string to a positive string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  join   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a function that takes as positional implementation .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an instance of the given function .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid if* .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  computes coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  executes all the commands from the command line .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  help   help

test:  simulates -> wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary of the form: states and options passed in the form: .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate pdf configuration files and mutating the user choose .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  decide   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the generic additions of permissions .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the "content-type" representation of default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  change the addresses of the line used by autodetection .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an existing identity form .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   user
truth:  view   view

test:  return a dictionary from the given model based on the model and the model dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  show how to enter the gui .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   current
truth:  get   current

test:  yields linear functions .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the name of a file in the directory .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate control configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  url   new
truth:  check   check

test:  return a block device and unavailable for cpu volumes .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  return the last last last access attribute of a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string showing the specified widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups the instance assigned to a group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence at the given per per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  return an ansi string assets that break the vm at the same directory .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  apply the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  change   normalize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check that no url is saved at all polygons .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  is this a tuple or a tuple of length 1 .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  is   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'codedeploy' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test validation function .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   example
truth:  null   null

test:  return default value for a particular certificate .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts extra points to a string .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  manage   in
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  start   ssl
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns an absolute path to a python module within orange .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of ports and raise an error if there is a in_files: thats not met .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a file object for a given key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the given config in the given config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   content
truth:  null   null

test:  get a logging for the the given logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available pi weather sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  show all the timestamp that are not in an iterable at a time .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  generate   read
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key key key key key key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test that distances are in the ports .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the edge scharr using the grayscale transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  computes   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version if there is one which is one which is one of the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to collect the memcached file at the given directory .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   value
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid circuit circuit .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  ensure the id of the entity attribute as a *char* .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a bigip twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  null   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  compute discrete components of the projection matrix .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  module   gaussian
truth:  returns   a

test:  collects a list of tuples of input variables of input variables .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  handle the specified openid registration .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  handle   process
truth:  render   a

test:  return the file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a friendly frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  manage user .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return data to the version of a path to the directory that is stored in .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes ovs index .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  be   attempt
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  get the message from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dictionaries and returns a new dictionary where the dictionaries take precedence and returns a single dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  set the virtual server for the provided server .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify class shouldnt their numerical methods .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  failed   null

test:  roidb the keywords subtasks to be created or not .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  function   prompt
truth:  store   store

test:  return a reference to the names of all rq queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start func on the server and setup func .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  func   method
truth:  stop   stop

test:  sets the columns of the message to column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  sets   in
truth:  locate   column

test:  reverse the url to be used for t^ .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert md5 array to a cgi .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  logarithmic logarithmic interpolation option with a bad range .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  null   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  used by erf/erfc .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  get the wheel cli example:: salt myminion 1 .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  null   connection
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf headers .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the registeringscheme%swith%s' mapping function into dict .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  null   map
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update the limits .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the beginning and only for the beginning of a particular adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  9j lt integer containing oids bits .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  redirects a user with a flask redirect .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check users configurations .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call a request with the given request or warning .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  call   group
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  clears   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  is a directory a pathname .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  if   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns a new theano viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  show   show

test:  return the weight error between a and dtype .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  return   sqrt
truth:  null   <

test:  group dataframe month iso engines prior to dataframe .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  dataframe   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  module name of the metric module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  get   get

test:  return the primary class of the current item .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the named vm data for a given virtual machine .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing from a wheel with dist-info' .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   run
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two arrays .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the historical object from a list of lists .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  get   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the value of the requests from the original modified file type .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  that each cleanup that represents a plot .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the given target is any of the known etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  return   output
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure all base64 encoded string make utf-8 unicode output .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   string
truth:  make   null

test:  level 4: require a django or method where not yet present .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  process whether a given timestamp into the utc datetime object .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  decorator that only the wrapped object adding a function to the wrapped session .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  normalize   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time scaling of the sinusoidal representation of a sound stocenv: 0 .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  null   time
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  return a valid python object of html <= html <= get .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  save   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  asynchronously wrapper .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a dict of running runnings to a list of running strings .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return the raw hue of the file .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the index index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  get   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  output the contents of the block if the two arguments .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   context
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert one or more path components into the directories .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  insert   insert

test:  resets problem state entirely for a particular course to zero .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  updates   students
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the total number of unique or query object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet sensor .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition token from a dask dataframe parameters dd : array data to a numpy array .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  null   update
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a config object from the data directory .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns a template name for a template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user for a string .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   prompt

test:  return a request containing the sms inspection .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the graph that results for this graph or common prefix of the graph when g is a graph when adding .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the shape solution from a 2-d matrix .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  reconstruct   disconnect
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator used to count calls decorator .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a list of dicts and spaced information as python data .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  module   new
truth:  function   function

test:  checks for rule rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  checks   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  tries to find a also: or from the current request .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  function   tasks
truth:  list   list

test:  return an executable packed ascii packed packed using current packed packed .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  return   latex
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update the value of a key/value pair .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the user specific user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  open file or directory bank server .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  file   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the model on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder url for the site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate have at gallery example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a virtual machine as an array .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a path to a request .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  generate   add
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a reference to a media player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries exist .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if the valid intent given intent or not .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email with add-on notifications using djangos 5 .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  get the level level namespace value .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the memmap of the values of a and b .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  calculate cdf for binned distribution parameters distfn : ndarray array data using cdf instance needs to have cdf of the data using cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  compute   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays debug page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  debug   view
truth:  view   view

test:  dot product of two arrays .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the file f and derivative .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes to twitter in a state .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the image with coords that are derivative2 .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   corners

test:  format the size in a human-readable file size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  calls the hexdigest methods from the response object .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  calls   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  test whether a string ends with lowercase .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  test   markup
truth:  append   append

test:  given a list of stock available on the given outgoing .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the formatyyyy-mm-dd and the scheduled_at field .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the parsed api query result .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  takes multivariate vote in list verify the second argument and splits it .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the nest sensor platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  logging   server
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder publish trend if the value raises an minimum value or override a finder project .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over the state of a partition that contains its state and returns a single partition of the state when inserted it is a partition of the state at the
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a users usernames corresponding to the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   username
truth:  converts   converts

test:  accepts a byte string or the given data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  is   result

test:  return the pid by trying to access an server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all permutations in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  pair   pair

test:  ensures the correct degree of the value .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  ensures   issue
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test binary with clause binary score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  unicode unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a function to get a dict with a dict .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  get   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the name for the those and folder .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  takes a binary sequence and returns the binary long as a sequence of eg characters .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the public-facing options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  gets   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the string from a text file .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find all the data files from the src directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   dir_name
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a list of a vms action that automatically adds some of a given name and return a list of their mind information for a sql query .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  find   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  attempt to execute an known-existing file .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the formset and adapts it to the formset and used when displaying a bootstrap layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a running service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  simple html projects .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  stats   stats

test:  ensure that the current test configuration has been updated at a custom and returns them as specified .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  ensure   download
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   otsus
truth:  return   return

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  a decorator for methods whose methods are present in the specified state .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a resource bucket and verifies it to valid .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns debug buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display the list of all registered requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   return
truth:  display   a

test:  return the number of int numbers that can be stored in the geometryoutput .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  function   socket
truth:  null   method

test:  returns all the absolute stats of a given value .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main python object to be saved .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  if a unique type .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  interprets   convert
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a function that is running .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  upgrade a successful function for a successful api .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   null
truth:  match   match

test:  infer a class to be a class or replaces the given class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save weights to latest output .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  save   pick
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user api requests to the api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   returns
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns the currently active thread object as a recent thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given a list of node data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a list of appropriate interfaces in /etc/modprobe .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  check   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator to acquire a method to a specified input input input via a ethtool around a specific database .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  request   call
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate the model constraints error constraints .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list with the name and the optional stroke packages .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  return   up
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   page
truth:  edit   edit

test:  a doctest for the coercing shutdown .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  code is code code code code code .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  match   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  a markup parameter .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  emulate options .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  emulate   running
truth:  null   null

test:  shows authentication credentials .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  ssh   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a new user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return all elements of a list .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  select   elements

test:  nnp 250/bottom caches to the gui unary_expression .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  array   list
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  languages a store .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  hash   running
truth:  null   languages

test:  return the pandas fraction of the given array .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  maps   mark
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  check if a task is implemented in the task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  if   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain package prefixes from iir-filtered .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  undo   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  add or create common due to 2 .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  some appropriate ndarray of the nearest covariance distribution .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   null

test:  list of all the names of the locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand and expand fragments .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   project
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method method
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  flag   mark
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  given all existing files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  given   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop variables by serviceprovider .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   parse
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is 'netbsd' or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect to the current environment prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  to   script
truth:  command   command

test:  tests the serialize/deserialize class for the current values .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  tests   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  generate the function map from a substring .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  function   function

test:  settings based tm needs a display-name .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  missing   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse the hash related repository reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  -   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  alias for every adapter adapters in the given ip address .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  create   create
truth:  trace   trace

test:  when a account is not no job used .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean reflecting whether the given object passed to the boolean passed in the dictionary .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  set the existing list of current user versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   one
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the current benchmarks setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  convert a unicode string into a long .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  iterating over the common element in the setting .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the score loss can be loaded .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of item ids used by the user .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the current lparen specification .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add the name to an event file using import .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  add   get
truth:  find   find

test:  default templates for dictionary .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  provided   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns an networkx python imaging library present in linux distribution .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   name
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the policy has been done according to the given target in settings .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  null   wwn
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the aux graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  generate   index
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  items owned by current user .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  fill the img onto the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  to   null

test:  gets a single user identified by course_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query query query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a formatted url for the installed package or a command line details .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  extracts a file from matplotlib .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  return   a

test:  start the server platform .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   entry

test:  reads branch to merge changes from branch and always work in commits .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  reads   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   send
truth:  function   function

test:  return the app environment and minor this installation of hook_output .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the reg assignments is valid .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   list
truth:  walk   null

test:  show the data part of the last time .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   profiling
truth:  add   add

test:  return the status of the process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  like np .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  interfaces   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  first number of bits of n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot of snapshot elements of snapshot : boolean try to destroy the dataset is absent : boolean true
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   time
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the chi-squared distributions .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  value   value

test:  do a new points] matrix .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  evaluate   inputs
truth:  calculates   null

test:  require if a unit name has changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   string
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view decorator that require a list of lists .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the xmlobject .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  calculates the hash of the string s using the given id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  calculates   serialize
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   read
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that item before given in item before the memcache attribute of the list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the specified job id .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  quote the string representation of the given string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the given image sequence of all of the given image sequence .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a attribute to be accessed as a function .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine the environment environment variable cache location of 'python .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the localised number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  outputs   a

test:  returns the value from four data .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the specified policy document .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parses the s3 uri into an s3 uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a attributes for the attributes value .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  map   relation

test:  construct an object from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the unix system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit context enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install supervisord and python package .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  install   python
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  leading   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  half the argument of c .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   linear
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  show a new user authentication prompt for the given message .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  remove duplicates from list of unique elements .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  list   check
truth:  return   return

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  see   string
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus response text descriptive response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  gets the security ace or returns the object of the process .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this method performs the students which of all students information sent to the students .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  endpoint   entrance
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to temporarily parse a rtc file and return a nice tree object .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  null   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  reduce a corresponding decorator that only the current flow objects with values .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  gives   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  given a matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   *

test:  return file filename filename filename .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy a directory to be used for provided object .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  displays a form form and powers it .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  view   create
truth:  render   render

test:  remove myminion keys from the threads cache .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle a copy_reg method .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap the db instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  wrap   start
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of image headers .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a fixture that makes an instance of the instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a depth-first-search tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string containing the formats for the specified period .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  format   format

test:  wait until the process has expired .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   run
truth:  take   a

test:  compare the cached options for the specified package name the name of the port to delete it as a port group .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  compare   upgrade
truth:  null   a

test:  validates the ith format represented by the values related to a list of exceptions .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fix html data from an xml tree of type .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  color   helper
truth:  surround   null

test:  test test decorator that applies a test and subsequently output .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  after last event to the end of the event loop to the end of the event loop .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  used   nit
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate html projects for a course based on its https .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the user data for a course .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a name as the package that will be created .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  get   get

test:  crossproductisbetweentwovectors' test for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing a tool with editable + a different package .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick module name using regular expression .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  module   matches
truth:  pick   channels

test:  make a python source distribution for superset with python source code .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  map   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a text text text in a text text .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  helper function to get default value of a company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  function   maximum
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorate a unauthenticated function or method as a unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the authsub token from the secret body like native api body .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the given function as a static_url function or an argument .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   checking
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return true if the specified service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  to   check

test:  ajax i .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  set a skycoord attribute on the gui note that it is ok .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  set   add
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in expr in laguerre catalog in expr .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   wrapper
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  return a list of strings from the bom encoding .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  check   a

test:  run a single command .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a networkx .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to replace streams with stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   version
truth:  replaces   a

test:  returns the remote repository defined in gitosis .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  get   logic
truth:  apply   a

test:  return an identity url for the given identity .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   -
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user data to context under the request backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  load   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns true if path is running in "lcom/mwr/example/sieve/addentryactivity; .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the daemon component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of key names that matches the given key .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a dictionary of dicts to keys .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  set   set

test:  loads out the fields from the master specification for each available and fix them into the data .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  files   example
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as string .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev polynomial deployed as input variable .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  same as uhandle .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of idle problems used by the specified vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   users
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  submit wrapper to get commit that require latest options .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the characters take in this html html .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  null   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get html signal from the given course and has been linked to the given course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  this function is used to mark mobile-compatible as different .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  function   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using value algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  raises pep8 .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a new permission plugin .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  forward ori function .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse a python expression or a expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns content as admin unicode string .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a currently connected task id for a given task id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register f(clip .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  delete a library .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  render   a

test:  checks whether mayavi is acceptable to the given version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find a valid frame by a given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert tokens in iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   day

test:  test reading of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse snapshot with field instances .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of standard sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter instance in a vcenter instance .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  report a list of regexp regexp can be found .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a report statement as deprecated .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return the displayed extension of old models when the avro object has the definition of calling method .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  disables   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  standard boilerplate gui .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  null   string
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an entityid to a cloudblockstoragevolume id or returns the self object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filters on a incident widget .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the list of lines for output .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   add
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate pem key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update an object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  return a vector 4 function of the latest hash .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  expr   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  avoid tests to set python module name .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  requests   load
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection reflection point to reflection a distance vector .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a source specified by source files .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a list of pairs from a list .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   allocations
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transform 2d transformation transform for x .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure the named index is absent name the name of the alias to remove .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parameters image : image to be no image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a subject string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  complete the complete backend for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  if   return
truth:  url   url

test:  start a service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return the number of elemwise_kl() that is currently distance between the current thread .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test related data from admin database .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if the specified displayedcuda is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   check
truth:  used   function

test:  return the one page name from the page text .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  check   django
truth:  null   one

test:  returns an absolute path to the finder .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if all valid numbers of the given sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the django version from version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a sleeps to the namespace that are on nodes of *node* .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to track the track state from mercurial entity to track .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  creates a stim stim channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  creates   integer
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad label from multiple labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   return
truth:  draw   a

test:  helper function to convert a versions string .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  function   rabbitmqctl
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert an metadefinition code from the avatar int .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return true if cmd is in a shell .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  if   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  display config for abstract color of a source table .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  config   function
truth:  given   a

test:  break a case failed .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exploration answers explorations with the given state mapping .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate a new test case .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test reading pickle subject .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  reading   setting
truth:  io   io

test:  generate a new estimators object .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  reads data from a handle using a specified file-format .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  reads   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the directory where the theme has a theme path .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  assume   counts
truth:  move   move

test:  the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  filters   spam
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  this function converts items to a given object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove all values from the given battery .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   get
truth:  exit   exit

test:  return 'ext' python module if *name* is unavailable .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  fetches and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  does dirname takes a shallow operator .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the user can perform permission to one of the given permission .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  generate a config copy of a config file .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  generate   decode
truth:  if   null

test:  create a folder with the specified name .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project project view view shows the available versions and lets the user choose which ones to have built .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  gets a blob from the user as a blob .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  gets   user
truth:  prints   prints

test:  show details about the given media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  import   return
truth:  null   media

test:  take a number returns its argument id and a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  determines   converts
truth:  given   a

test:  return the directory of the directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a sha1 string of the sha1 version of the secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  return true if the complex is a valid uri and a uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  list   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  traverses the list of descriptions for a given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  record   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  context manager to capture orgprint on a text test to a file in as a usable test .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  context   output
truth:  save   stdout

test:  0judgement measurement for binary .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  same as alignment .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  swaps   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse user authentication data into a dictionary .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of rsa pieces from rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon class .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run the command statement as a null-terminated command .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  writes   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns an environment variable with given arguments or from environments .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  write out the available keys from the config file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a 1-in-n array .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a function for django push items so we can successfully be used with a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  null   list
truth:  takes   null

test:  connect to the execution server by libcloud .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   update
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that various eigenvalues does not raise an invalidconfiguration .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  download the handlers that owns the beginning of the drac .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  download   null
truth:  call   call

test:  parse an input data in a datetime .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified outputs .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert formats to float32 conversion .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute that files for each directory in the model .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   file
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get the output of a system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the corresponding volume id from the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the data from a fits file .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the directory to the directory that contains the applications directory .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  log either the response or log header .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  stores   force
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that the tpot round can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   performance
truth:  test   test

test:  test for bogus and can be used within the current bogus .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes to be used for the course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  retrieve   add
truth:  add   add

test:  chebyshev laguerre of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  if the master has been resolved over a particular server .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  null   get
truth:  wait   null

test:  hass all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  accept   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of the bsetter log .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  called if the web interface is found in the specific form .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  return   running
truth:  function   function

test:  verifies a certificate certificate by invoking an existing certificate .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  tests   download
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy network if name exists .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  project   description
truth:  make   a

test:  generate a test suite from a list of tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  control   get
truth:  return   a

test:  set pending plugin .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   qt
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete a filesystem or name .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  upload upload to a filename .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  supplied scope that is sent to containing remote users should be sent .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   run
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove user saved playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  cleans   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  add rules to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  translate   context
truth:  write   null

test:  raise a function to return a certain position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a namespace manager or raise an error if the string containing the other manager .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   calls
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  test symbolic function for binary search around an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   i
truth:  return   a

test:  test that vcs a vcs normalization for local distributions .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  attaches a new disk to the given new machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  s   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript tests .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  features   backslashes
truth:  run   run

test:  return an email as a exit exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  return   xml
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns true if path can be a unsaved>'length .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  determines   check
truth:  return   return

test:  adds the given function to a figure with at a given figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  performs a function or proxy class .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder of x and mean squared arrays parameters x : array-like the max value of the migration coefficients .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   area

test:  see pull request .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   setting
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a message . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   a

test:  translate infile: .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  signal   network
truth:  null   null

test:  find the json representation of a users .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the history from the current event .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a "resolution operation on an object and b .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the domain for the given resource and domain .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize a streamhandler .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  convert the characters escape in string s to html-safe sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  setup selection of an opcode .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of amazon lock .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the ssh file inside a path .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a string in this tree or from a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  check parsing of byte names .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  check   syntax
truth:  pull   pull

test:  creates a class instance with section case of the attributes passed to sys .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  import   a

test:  calls a model .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  model   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the specified service exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  provides rbac on netbsd systems .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  provides   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default color of the original .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  api to handle shipping settings .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  settings   custom
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are unequal as determined by the == operator .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the current time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts function into a string with xml .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  function   string
truth:  combines   null

test:  test the activation token outbox .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  sends   github
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure utf8 bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  ensure   dask
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager for time series .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns a hash of the base64-encoded record .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  application the service with the google cloud natural credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts version of list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sorts   reverse
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a list of javascript for use in javascript year .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   data
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values and parse the list of strings .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns whether a specific config (which was loaded .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  domain if host is the validation and returns true if host is .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  sets the occurances of the state in degrees .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   status

test:  get rate as string from a number of elements .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get a single file and add it to a minion .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a simple string that creates a collectionsummarymodel target name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  '%slayercount%sof%s the message as string by procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   a
truth:  print   print

test:  take an additive_expression 32-bit data and deserializes .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  take   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  return a list of points .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  print custom if document can be edited .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   context
truth:  returns   html

test:  remove a feature using dism args: feature : the feature to install image : the feature to be used to remove the optional image : the feature returns: str: the
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  check if the given value is a scalar-like instance .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  function   answers
truth:  to   filter

test:  return the sysfs device by id .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   returns
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a list of ros names to find a global namespace name or none .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   name
truth:  name   resolver

test:  create a next base number from the given number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  tooltips the tooltips for the hazardkeys filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns list of django locales .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the common hits of a list of rows .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the printable flag string with the given css to be 0 .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose some advanced maths .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  choose   one
truth:  return   a

test:  find a pep 302 input string .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a full url to the current request .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  get   get

test:  make a flow_stmt that blends from a specified palette .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decorator to pickle and returns status .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   start
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a dict containing the callable that can be used as an eval key in a function .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the path where all the objects that need to query for cycles .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure a sysrc state is shared with a specific guest variable name .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  access   access

test:  check a collection method with name argument list .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the latest preserves id from the user input through the identifier .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to store openid association in locations .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple function for python 2 .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all shop objects for the given model .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  calculate the index of a space conversion .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  like os .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent the list of text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  helper function to get a new locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a regular expression flags .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the current filter local state object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  close   close

test:  checks whether a url is an absolute site .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert compression quality revisions to simplifies .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  set bench port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  sets   configure
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found in a kb graph arguments: kb a scan name of the kb name to list of: id returns: bool: a scan file name .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   info
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a dictionary of json value .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the format of a file or directory is a block device .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  return   change
truth:  require   a

test:  get the value even if the index fields exist .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  returns   script
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  sets the default setup for the given setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  sets   minimum
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get a vsphere property to a list of object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new service token to read the used in keyboard fields .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision directory .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: columndatasource requires the jenkins poly plugin <custom+tools+plugin> .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test if filename matches an alphanumeric cache .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:float .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the 'connectivity' -= of two nodes in the :func:get_image_info fashion .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  send an event on an instance .
truth: list instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  computes the maximum correlation matrix for elements .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   in
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads a load data from a bokeh jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  loads   migrate
truth:  save   null

test:  creates an :class: .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  run a gcode linear move file from text .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  run   statistics
truth:  write   a

test:  this reorder shows a single anonymous function .
truth: view that . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes of datetime objects whose exit will be updated before lazy obtained .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   modules
truth:  get   get

test:  saves a file to the model and saves it as a model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a 3 coefficient from a transfer filter design that proxies filter .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a link and link containing all related documents .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generates   tasks
truth:  share   share

test:  aux function .
truth: process the message . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   process

test:  test if a string is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an internal symbol to a symbol .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   transport

test:  return a correctly formatted string to install spec .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  regex   replaces
truth:  function   function

test:  format epoch .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  expand   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check the length of the image property .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute case of a complex vector .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  evaluate   estimate
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield n permutations .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the value of a specific variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  use   a

test:  setup a script .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   gamma
truth:  null   alternative

test:  search for displaying a controller .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  search   parse
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unicode string of a file-like object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  add   get
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dot product of methods: ready for np .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure key is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace addresses with windows .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  replace   output
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given the kwargs type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  given   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  process process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set the netmiko basis as the maximum basis to the standard error basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   space

test:  list optional parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new method of all of its implementation see: url .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an object .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  name a model name like a python model .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  get the point path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   testing
truth:  get   portion

test:  set the incoming password to use for the given unicode to fit its password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   tests

test:  initialize an sqs message .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  store   a

test:  helper function to calculate array of input n .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  ensure that the named host is initialized in the named body .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  ensure   response
truth:  null   null

test:  utility to generate a task for a given instructortask .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  gets   task
truth:  null   method

test:  run a absurdly container .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  start   function
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the user so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an rfc-6238 object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  the ordered addresses .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  return   new
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the object c{obj} to be a class or a substring is a user defined in order .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   app
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper function .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns version information .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   format

test:  decorate methods to use for functional api service .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries and returns true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  adds   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return the leading tuple of f from f .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register data register bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make a new ca folder to save its contents .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the thread of the given signals .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  start   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  get a service name from the provided service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the inverse value .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  generates a new base32 encoded .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a local container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   return
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with dense data loaded into memory .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the top or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the current date in integer .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample a mixture of permutations of the private function .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  verify that the string is a ldap version .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  verify   string
truth:  null   cases

test:  get the contents of a file and return its contents .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  unpack the amount of packets .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension in a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns all know where two extension are optional .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  account   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the entry available for the plugins available by the parser .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   library
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   folder
truth:  add   add

test:  prepares the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  determine   uninstall
truth:  halt   null

test:  apply sample matrix to the given image file .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  init   get
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a csr from a request .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find a table using columns from the table .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  find   find
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk size .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple constraint: method .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  adds a request to the server with the given path .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  email   email

test:  stdout stdout .
truth: prints b . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post class .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   view
truth:  document   document

test:  check for a filename .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   framework

test:  the entry point for the entez importer .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  null   share
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the singular function from the dataset .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a limiting word .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set the video input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensures that the input has been initialized using the worker portion of the callable portion of the binary portion of the value and reorder .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  ask   pivot
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that python expression evaluation is an expression evaluation .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   const

test:  generates a circular log probabilities .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of sepcified kind and a trust server configuration .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalizes sum .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalizes   windows
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  wrapper for arrays that should have basic mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  null   input
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  testing we python tests using the full path .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in a offline depending on offline .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  periodogram the characters in a string after greater than one space .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  encoding   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a call['stderr']if application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  tries to convert a numeric int into an integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  to   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app and restart all the data .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   install
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given api .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  create the website for the specified iis .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a random gaussian distribution in *x* .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   periodogram
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a given qualified name the name of the user .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  print error message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   debug
truth:  error   error

test:  validation an error message that matches the given value .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  host   a
truth:  value   value

test:  convert http image value and exif value from the underlying sequence-consistency .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  convert   use
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether which has s3 .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a json with an spb device body .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  takes a path to the entire server configuration .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  takes   up
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached inventories size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  installs a new tests and hash binary for a given provider .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  check   update
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  multiply po file into a list of pairs .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  multiply   time
truth:  to   try

test:  check an gecl for assert_called_once or passing a quantity with built-in measure .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of cones from service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return a name of the state functions .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted date for option of type validator .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  build a list of prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  user identified by the users .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  resets audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a fully or an exception if exception is set .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check if there are "minversion" .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  check   function
truth:  allows   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  return   return

test:  sends new notification to user .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies 'fraction' = running tests .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all models that match zero or more entities .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the currently set of the connection if it exists .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test the gradient function for the graph g .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the debug message from the log .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  assert that task error was returned successfully .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that returns a enumval parameter and will be used internally through the test case testing the fixture to a function to be called via the actual page and will
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  test basic statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  string   string

test:  given a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with string replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of js links in *args* .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  helper for creating an event agent .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns the number of keys in a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dict with all the entries in the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper method to add an event .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  send   a

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the redirect to the specified service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a module name from a module if it is zero or customs_shortcuts .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module as a particular forked the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return true .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the given 304 in the uri .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  set   session
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* sums individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  accepts a thread and runs images to a dict of images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  fetch -> .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether a direct notification to send the given path to py .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model from model_file_name and return a parsed model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build sphinx documentation in the repository behaviour .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  the regularized post data and return a dict of successful those consumption .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  null   call
truth:  performs   a

test:  generate an xml element .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  upgrade backend should end upgrade vcs version of vcs objects .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a tensor .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an optionaltableimporterror callback for use .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  return   json
truth:  import   a

test:  set api .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  set   parameters
truth:  module   module

test:  build a profiles of parsed ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  builds   create
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  locale_html for the transfields method .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   html

test:  return dictionaries with all loaded plugins format apart into the console data .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function which gives the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given pdf as an encrypted bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the file description of the given socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  displays a list .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  encode   encode

test:  if the user has a reserved author .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of g .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the record data as record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of things for a given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the cuda dispatcher is properly handled .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   imports
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of users removing all the users password names from the given username .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  null   users
truth:  computes   null

test:  validate a file of xml .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert a long to a volume object .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  adds dataframe for each subject array or the functionality .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the username of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get query with given title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert plain text to a string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return volumes and projects that were changed .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  get   get

test:  move history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  null   move
truth:  move   back

test:  encode payload using utf-8 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a new web server required to the given options .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  use   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an empty function to make up exceptions return data .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send alarm switch .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  given   a

test:  get diff files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns unique content for a model .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  waits for request to become available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  return   a
truth:  note   note

test:  ensures metrics of distros .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  ignores   a
truth:  function   function

test:  cleans all objects in ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  split connection into a dict of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build an tests .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  is   file
truth:  function   function

test:  used to delete an image mapping file .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  removes ~# of the object note: this object from an object tested .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test unless at least one of the arguments passed in the commandline function .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get the users full user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  get the compatibility of the builtins representation of the given expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return version of the git release distribution .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  assert   return
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return proper int value from its png if it can be an integer or using the int .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a byte string referring to an xml .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a list of all volumes attached to a volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the gear print and volume print a apache proto .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test to notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  execute   test
truth:  send   send

test:  set symbols of functions given sympy expression .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  replace   converts
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fractional data for the desired header and will be created .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  checks if there is a proper section of the section .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  if   settings
truth:  null   method

test:  replace all of the default monkey patching and also be used to make it in the command line arguments .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all dereferenced receivers which should receive the given signal from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new array .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over audio file from asf .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  return   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  returns   grains
truth:  get   get

test:  get the float with each component the float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   clone
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the keyboard endpoint for the keyboard server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  replace service in linux .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  restart   sleep
truth:  null   windows

test:  estimate discrete features should always estimate on a non-zero node .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of the line that has line number in the tree .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete an existing transaction .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  generate a new random source .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  chops   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a random string of random data from a list of random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  generate   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file exists inside of the directory of a file .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a groebner of the denominator .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information about the specified job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test whether a numpy polynomial can make the x-arg-check classes .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test the h image with es metaclass .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  list the installed packages .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a unique folder for specified process .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a python header string as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  if all the errors contained in this format: the top-level .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  null   validator
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  dump the current exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  dump   print
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the template string rendered for rendering diffs .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  get policy for the specified policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return a tsv row and a string that contains a csv object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return metric statistics in the running command .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  review   display
truth:  display   display

test:  helper method for files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the poisson function and weights of an integer .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   geometry

test:  push data to a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  push   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the value for a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get the current dsc token of a pshell has been initialized by the documentation .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   system
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  make the chunk[u'range'][u'start'][u'filepath']chunks chunks in the given file and chunks match the resulting file .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  make   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  quote an ascii version of registers chars .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  check the linear gaussian .
truth: load the data . 
test:  tests   load
truth:  load   load

test:  attaches decorators to a decorator .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a queryset of the components in which the peak modification .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   null

test:  return the studio help page of the given page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create all messages from the current language file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  pairs   in
truth:  write   a

test:  assign a new affiliation record .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a scene is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr tfr filter design .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  input   update
truth:  function   function

test:  get the first source of a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return an image matching given filename .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns an existing redirect .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  save json to json representation .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the name of a given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  import all modules from the python modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  module   imports
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of lists of the as a string or in the template tag .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  null   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the list of available events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  generates   null

test:  given an elementstream path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if w1 was verified .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether address looks like ipv4 address as a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the database under cumulative reached .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts multiple documentation specified in the selected python content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator which only allows us to be used and wrap methods in the function needs to be along with params .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  log and return a public key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  return the string to use in fallback mode .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  return   information
truth:  format   date

test:  return a list of all the docs listed in git .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  return   links
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of notification types that will be used once .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  displays password form with new password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  clears   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  aborts an http or a message according to the current document .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  convert a floating point string to an open list of minions .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  color   names

test:  move the clip data from a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a string to a list of tuples .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  initialize the django service for a modulestore module .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  find the floor of the given basis .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   purpose
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a row from the number of sql as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start ping in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   celery
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the utility function of a zmq sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from traceback .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  return   qt
truth:  print   up

test:  is this a traditional that dont have a leading location of the given corner .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the result of the bootstrap base data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  return   return
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a copy of the jenkins that would be given by the scheduler .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  cache   find
truth:  am   am

test:  displays for students .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  statement : name of command authentication statement while iterating through a python source command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  object   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  test querying functions for filter methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of available updates include xblocks for the course that are required to the given xblock .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the power of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  signal for setting user when a given user is created .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a grid and a upper sample label and a upper sample on both the actual functions all admitting and a upper
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  determines which version is desired .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  null   clones
truth:  copy   copy

test:  callback for running pyinstaller extension .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  module   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return a the driver instance for a specific provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the route53 key for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  return a csv object from a csv api .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  return   egg
truth:  function   function

test:  merge two sorted pairs into a subset of numbers .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  use the status .
truth: login to router . 
test:  use   check
truth:  to   login

test:  parameters env .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  null   input
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  uses the color and returns a pretty color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  uses   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator in the form: locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the path to the directory of a file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  sets event cache to a new event object .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate a html file with args and return a file .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a list of all prefixes in filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  to   search
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator that caches the decorated function so that it gets added or method of the decorated function .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for dbinstance .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validate   converts
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process a single expression .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   show
truth:  display   a

test:  return the given article for the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure turning union of points and monic .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper around accessing a parameter in post .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  returns the parsed text from the parsed text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   split

test:  platerecords to y reduce the coordinate system noise .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  null   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  context manager to log a log of a given step .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  context   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parse the list and including the user names and including any of the given type .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  close   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the device name .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  get the names and default values of a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a python integer in the given python process .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  creates a new media class .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about all available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  determine   set
truth:  return   return

test:  quick view for 404s .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  ban   a

test:  load a relative url from yaml .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  updates the edge of a #stat_node comment hash .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  compute   h

test:  get the index of a file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from the db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a wrangle ip address of the median operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  null   ip
truth:  return   return

test:  split the list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   pull
truth:  split   a

test:  normalize position of arbitrary precision examples .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a assessments template class out of a filesystem template directory at the given template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  matrix of exprexpr .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of the current base-10 job id .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  new user form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  ensure   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the line can be found in this module .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command and returns its output after the command has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a mozilla* from an existing timestamp for updating time .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the normal path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the value into a floating point number .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  change the current line arguments from the line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  change   links
truth:  null   numeric

test:  change the given address to a plain parameter .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that will get a vm session after creating a vm .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   start
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a custom exception that does not match the given exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  allow   arguments
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a leaf deallocation return a dict containing: all valid types .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read table with non-vowel data .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  return the number of samples of a scales byte .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  count   count

test:  given the date/time format beginning of s3 key .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  call   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test that "hubble" image can be loaded .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a zone and slave on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and return an instance of the instance .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the published popular text .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the 1 bits of the value followed by the value followed by the 1 .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to async methods in a nice reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  null   running
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the subgraph structure corresponding to the given class and its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clear all items in the context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  null   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return true if this string was a nested string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  url   return
truth:  function   function

test:  given alignment sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  given   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   compile
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  return mailcap file from path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given url in which the given parent url is installed .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set the anything .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class class class can be used to true .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to printable data from a file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove xmoduledescriptor bytes from comment_id and return it .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the permission .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a warning_class message with the given name and show it into a go object .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  user filtered by current user .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  displays   attempts
truth:  null   events

test:  revoke - xfs section from the cache type .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict with information about installed information the postgres server cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  if   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free factorial factorization of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a quota version to a message .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string of length length chars .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  cast   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  block block device depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  block   a
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test a test test test for a tool dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  test   return
truth:  build   build

test:  s3 an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the amount of scalars in the given iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  convert the image image and return the image of the given image image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named value .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds data to a new dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external dataverse cli example: .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   api
truth:  verifies   new

test:  determine the number of online .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  create a image(s) password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  create   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  similar to pixels .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  set a traditional-style class and set a class to a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  use   sending
truth:  set   set

test:  adds everything from the given path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   one

test:  wrapper for param: .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  checks if the given value is a process .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  return   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a single package as an selinux list of available package as a list of lists of the package as a list of lists .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  return a leading and color with given string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   text
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text to the read command .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  writes the string to a list of strings to a list of strings and write the result to a file to the applications .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  writes   create
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set descriptor for the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get unpacked intersections from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check all the files contained in the system .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two strings using the ascii bytes .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the estimated mean of the mean .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the cdf and transformation function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a gaussian index .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   html
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  replace all links from single link to single link .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an project and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate an unique stub key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieves   find
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build of the ecommerce library to build the os/2 library .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  a basic auth value .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a dict:: object .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   render

test:  trim a simple public prefix into a simple parser .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a inset path from a valueerror .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  returns the value of an attribute .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a binary mask with associated binary data .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  make an inventory that the provider object has been on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  make   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  return the custom configuration dictionary .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   return

test:  load a dataset of length records .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  create network ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  handles   ip
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  process a new process form for the type .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  process   replacement
truth:  null   a

test:  register all leading leading cleanup path .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that attaches extra args and subsequently calling this function .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   process
truth:  processes   processes

test:  test a wiki issue status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start an action .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  provides a complex routine from a datetime object .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  provide   wrapper
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for skipping test function from imp .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  reads   method
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns special messages for the given document .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  change the old evaluate[ .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  change   null
truth:  control   control

test:  check to see if event mapping exists .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  return   a
truth:  close   a

test:  return lines from the latest output of a block of the given version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  return   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  computes a case value from a digital rule .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  patch   auto
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a device name .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that pct works as a tuple succeeds .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  change links to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  change   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json column representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   returns
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify a immediate parameter parameter from a completely header .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test if the value of range throws an exception .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  if the first leaf component of a node is a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  if   intersections
truth:  set   set

test:  get the vbd record by the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  map   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a dynamic module object from module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  import   import

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to delete html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure standby is running in standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a triangle section of a file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  renders the alert if synsets .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  renders   inclusion_tag_current_app
truth:  expected   null

test:  check for linear statistic .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the name of a group group group with a given name .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get a denominators instance back reference from the orm .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  save all information from all job ids .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  check if the caches of the current user is currently configured .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  add or include mathjax script at the end content .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   strings
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  delete the files from the specified tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  delete   path
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if clause is present in the list .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   path
truth:  ensure   null

test:  common aggregated configuration variables and patch the request processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  disable   validate
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the kex class object in the form .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open an openid -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   paths
truth:  open   open

test:  n321 - dont use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  start up logging .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  start   server
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse all lines in the # alignment style command .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add a new :class: into a page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   sys
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an event_source dictionary with the given name .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock for python client .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller - used for adding/editing that require the default controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an acl reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the given field can be overridden by the given block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user to the shutting database .
truth: set user name . 
test:  sets   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create the directory path for criteria .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the scheduled_at data passed into a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create an permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   helper

test:  use the python statements explicitly needs a newline .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  init   test
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a suitable base value for a base base .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  read the value from a entropy way into a python tar format .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the parsing doesnt see what type works .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   content
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http http error page .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of vms .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that an angular given if: give a parent window .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a set of tuples to a function call f .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test file to use .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style function .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove old transcripts from course content .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  the number of packets n .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add with preselected type .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unindent all the docstring .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  mark   get
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  output output of logs .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  output   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate one random length of scores .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup the resource view of a resource into a default resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  start   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review review review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object with the configs that contains a scenario .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  set   features
truth:  make   a

test:  return the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shows data from the current working directory .
truth: create a role . 
test:  null   script
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add another user and displays it .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all the versions of an existing user .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  import all objects in the module namespace .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  returns list of information .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  results   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  search a {{ search .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a filter for an existing resource .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a relative distance of two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  return   set
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get all flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns the node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator that caches the specified proper information .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wrap   directory
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  helper decorator for views that checks that the user are logged in .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  mask a 3d transformation vectors .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  event when concrete server is expected .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  initialize   time
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a named index file .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  index   index

test:  returns a hex error to hex .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of users from the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  like public attribute name to make the given node .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  accepts   call
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random global random number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject all original original students .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   list
truth:  set   params

test:  return a detailed html for a show of html documentation .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run flocker-volume in the given parse exit code and return a single python wrapper .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the currently supported 'initialized' command .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a function to the underlying function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  adds   compat
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce an attribute for a cross attribute .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  removes the data for a firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upload up an up path from a long path .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  files   course
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a binary type for given type or exit .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively [arg]elif .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  keeps   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  convert unix timestamp to a datetime .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  truncate except files from a tar node .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate the results of unknown tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  encode   dfs
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if there exist a reciprocity graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dict of the incoming based on the given field .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  add   messages
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  update members with the given attributes .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  update   time
truth:  make   a

test:  finds a migration by name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an sqlalchemy list of all participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  queue view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the polynomial of the polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  returns   nth
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a package with ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  main function to main function .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  to   target
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the python implementation for x .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  checks that value is of valid and %rmustbein%s' .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  locates all dependencies under extra dependencies and return a boolean .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  seconds   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a properly set up the default maximum config values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   minimum
truth:  help   help

test:  get a new dict with keys in the pairs .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  select   dictionary
truth:  null   items

test:  function to decorate flasks api on instances of user .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   backend
truth:  return   return

test:  given a partition .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize the return value of a function to return memoized results .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoized   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  decorator for delimiter use in the current thread .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  copies javascript to embed each file in the embedding .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  installs   data
truth:  return   html

test:  sort all messages of a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  pairs   multiple
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a file .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  render xml records of a particular item .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  show   controller
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  stack image with the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  minify   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if the given directory exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis and raise the :meth: .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function for w3af log in non-parametrised .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  accept   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in "faster" mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  send a multipart events to multipart device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  send   register
truth:  start   a

test:  show the virtual firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  configured   information
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a raw raw commit raw commit raw region .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the region name for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  confirm controller .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   verbose
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stopped   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  custom page - we get here .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  registered   use
truth:  null   handler

test:  normalize the given font and add the normalize dict .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  convert unicode to a python value .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  turns   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: ruby-metrics this plugin shows the jenkins reports as an xcode project .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   colors
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get a specific volume_type type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   group

test:  link all internal attributes and lazy attribute lookup on the given ~astropy .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run a command on the openssl passed .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  takes a string .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file size in a network file into a human-readable file name .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets an metric value for name in the cached module .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  change   change

test:  provide a list of locales from the locale strings .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  generates   language
truth:  does   null

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by the current request reading a goone .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  put   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a mock user for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  fake a new event button with a given event kind .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in 1s .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  takes   tuple
truth:  search   search

test:  looks an tags_list url for a given b .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  have   support
truth:  check   check

test:  return the contents of the current campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  get   traffic

test:  add a message in the dict .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  convert seconds to a context .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  return the homebrew database cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when a switch is run for each git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  null   command
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_device service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  set the query' animations script animations on a page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  set   object
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules representing the beginning of the given replaces replaces .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  calculate the diff for the given table and replace the number of columns .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  calculate   blob
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert model metadata to a file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  translate   resource
truth:  model   model

test:  parse a passed object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   object
truth:  parse   json

test:  ajax get requests for generators .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  call   call

test:  find a phone index .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  use   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for key=value matches the specified key=value .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  null   option
truth:  to   callback

test:  compile the regexp id and return binary representation of a production request .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  change   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator for updating the *cls* .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates subtitle records .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   return
truth:  update   update

test:  yields the closed issues of an issues of its issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  yields   compare
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that x output contains a single dimensions .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   type
truth:  null   ticket

test:  register messages .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   registration
truth:  null   a

test:  clone the configuration for the specified zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   add
truth:  install   a

test:  checks api microversions range and returns whether test can be used as test .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  extract   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the opengl unicode_data field through a single integral support .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   call
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates and returns the user can view entrance for the course with a new given course_key .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  check   get
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  construct the user dict .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  wipe   order
truth:  assumes   null

test:  this function actually a valid realoutfile message .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  function   check
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for seconds from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   github
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return the onset length of the function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  return   long
truth:  null   basis

test:  make and g in f .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  make   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a url exists additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this reply the admin messages .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  find fabtools .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   directory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a numpy metric from a abundance metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate the html file at content level and return the content .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  return index of events at and maximum of shape .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  return   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  checks if the range of a particular type .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the intermediate from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   view
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a --outdated .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   null

test:  test that header['c'] .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  test   file
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension in ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  find an object by name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return response .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  test a bad size of a bad size .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   length

test:  called back called from the request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  called   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the certificate has specified certificate or check .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  check   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return the erroroninsteon erroroninsteon switch .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make the full version of a package out .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  add   add

test:  field_req : minus expr | default expr minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a python value .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an object for passing its messages or leading fields .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  decode unicode id to utf-8 encoded source encoded .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  decode   in
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return a single sysctl value for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the weights of the given function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  surrounding and understand the dimensions of a given image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  null   use
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  test discussions from a none .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  publish all the demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  cookie a .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  null   check
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a random image object populated with supplied identifier .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a [str] in given unit: units with varnish units .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   column
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the current operating is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get a list of data id associated with details .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the repository for the given repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable registration on a course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  enable   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the command-line argument dictionary .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   notify
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find and return a string that has a particular method container .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   find

test:  create a fake instance of an component object .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  create   get
truth:  null   null

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  optimizes   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  needs no special configuration .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  needs   no
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int to binary representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  hex   hex

test:  return the git date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  return   string
truth:  command   command

test:  parse data from the json file of a given json string .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  extract   json

test:  this function takes an element schema or list of schemas a given schema .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a blob from the list of files associated with iterable .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the creds for a vlan .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy lazy e .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  return a string with a simple text .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   settings
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes from document .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a service that uses pair .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return dict of information raised to none .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  return   column
truth:  if   null

test:  return the shape of the global worker list by vectors .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the environment variable .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of display time until the hard sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return an entry from the url .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the n-th of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a simple version to a estimation .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  search   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  sets a path to the clipboard directory that contains a given clipboard .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  make sure keys are disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  register a keys keys in the config as a dict .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  function   rgb
truth:  push   element

test:  write file with the <el .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  file   permissions
truth:  get   get

test:  find the split chunks from their chunks chunks .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   null
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a new role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the directory where the absolute path is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  converts the <pre> tuple into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  capture a new resource name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  release   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  add a random graph to a graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  conditional replacement for given webob .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return the python package path in the directory .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate urls .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   get
truth:  link   link

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  given   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the list of visible courses courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds f before invoking a new standardizing table with zero squaring .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  adds   polynomial
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a string containing 0row or more data about the sql server .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep a running system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  code that runs the application .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  instructs   call
truth:  install   install

test:  returns a list of node attribute for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the current versions of pyenv and installs it .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   updates
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   check
truth:  configures   configures

test:  construct a bad channels from bad .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  construct   socket
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  delete   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  test learns .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tnull the capacity table .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  serves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  the nsga-ii use this sort function .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  used for tokenization that dont crash .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  null   character
truth:  null   ^

test:  return the given colormap with image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   create
truth:  return   return

test:  computes next state of the control queue with an optional state and the analysis node that recursively do the analysis "" the node .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  null   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  make sure the expression is of the given expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  make   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  convert columns for pref types to an json-compatible .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has python binary .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  get a vcenter level type of the provided service .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a decorator that will be used via the tuples:: application .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  returns   callable
truth:  if   null

test:  return the datetime from the datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  lookup a cuda url for a regex value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  default index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  index   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install an environment variable for use with app .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   return
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'linelength'] matches the input get .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  argument is not rewritten -> f(x) .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   functionality
truth:  error   error

test:  append master data to the sample .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  append   create
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse keywords .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in the examples .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  regression load an empty test suite .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the main page of the current request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if yaml optimizer optimizer from python objects .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario description takes a scenario and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   description
truth:  null   description

test:  a newline newline breaks .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid getxy .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the given path for the given python path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that pytables labels can be loaded with the right labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   shuffles
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a valid template_name .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove css classes from css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  function for displaying an expression in expr .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse results for the sparse matrix and train .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  tests   isolation
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route distros .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add new weeks .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  verifies the default plugin of config .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator to update configs .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   request
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict from a dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the repository-relative files to a file .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   variables
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  put   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a getaete string into a file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  write contents to a temporary file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  source   a

test:  join a url to the fragment .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   return
truth:  url   url

test:  reads a applications_parent matrix .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  get   data
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add a new instance to the state of the node .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   user
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name from the python 2 .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a qtoolbutton from the provided title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dont try to compare html tags from jinja .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  null   html
truth:  text   text

test:  add erf(z) in keypairs table and intermediate properties .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   race

test:  the snippet down a previewed page to the subsequently attribute .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all items of a set of data .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   variables
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  wrap a function so it gets called before returning an exception .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box dataset targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a simple replacement for the :term:view view .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute preprocessor for git packet .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  return a random number .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are not changed after format after format specified .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  declare a function status .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape all special characters from a string with a single space .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  get an empty device containing a mysql host .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replication builder and pods to check if the replication is currently active .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  null   description
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the string representation of an xml generated from the xml .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the full 'notes' if running .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  change the current time in seconds .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  change   timestamp
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert stata types to stata types .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  convert   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a course section to the data directory .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  updates   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  partial structure .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  regularized   null

test:  register the given class name .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  given   null

test:  converts a backup file into a keyinfo list of datastore .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  returns   entities

test:  returns the image from the request art .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  download   list
truth:  get   get

test:  generic value of proto to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  chisquare   strings
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a list containing one tree from a key[ modbus containing the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  list   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  requirement: url in github unauthenticated .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  url   update
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the webapp url of the server cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class type of an object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validates the current config .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test a different dependency from the name of decorators .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  open   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return the indices of a partial output of the given bits .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  return   return

test:  format a timezone aware datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  init parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   init
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  a placeholder version of the disabled version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  returns a random rfc 2822 with the current default value .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  writes data using the auth .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  verbose   text
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that a dataset with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  xc "camera" t matrices .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attempt to perform the string from object .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  to   pickle
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return one of the coordinate functions .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache-ing version of bivariate .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   test
truth:  call   call

test:  rewrite a single filename from the beginning of filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  rewrite   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if user has visible to the defined public user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  logs a celery log file .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  logs   restart
truth:  null   task

test:  convert a list of anything to text classes .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   product
truth:  list   list

test:  return a string representation of the posix timestamp .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loop from nested loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run stdout and return the protobuf command as the stdout .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password password form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   password
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current timezone cli example: .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute intercept of var(p) process .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  function -> str create a posix pid of master and return true if master is a turned function .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  supplement the line for a line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version of distribution or rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  get the logical summary of the python cprofile .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a binary image string to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure an interval raises invalid or waits .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager to construct a secret model with a particular secret .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the most recently updated on each specific cache key for the cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  get   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  wrapper to make sure pointer from python in an episode to packages .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  null   variables
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of dataframe in dataframe objects .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of all the specified member .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   a

test:  uint8 3image data for evaluation using the given image .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  return all tablespace about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  gets the database .
truth: main function . 
test:  gets   fetch
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a read string as a read of any two characters .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string into a buffer offset .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  scale / import the coordinate angle in segment_info .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  attach   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  convert data from a dictionary of flatkey .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the precedence flag of type n from an object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  exit & run or more cached error i/o to render .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the date in the form .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  view function which handles a user out .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create an index of a task .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a full projects name from a full config file name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup logging for joining logging .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  if   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop the lost task .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  start   call
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the shallow .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the communication between two call_queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  given a string of true random restructured from regression .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: parent wrapper for non-maven tabs .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  get a routing keys that has been to open the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the generalized row with index2 row in the diagonal .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   return
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a remote pull request on the provided sync with provided info .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return key for given number of descending descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the data for the specified key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild schedule changed form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  verifies   new
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course via various meta-decorator number .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  find the directory and return its unicode key specified .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  find   file
truth:  return   user

test:  get public ip query .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object the given object the given object can be hashlib .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if wanted .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  file   translation
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  return a unique variable for a given variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the sha512 hash of first .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  performs   calculate
truth:  given   a

test:  return a map of status ordered by the items in the given object .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the beta parameters in tuple = [ a window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return verbose dtype for two dictionaries .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  compute   converts
truth:  performs   null

test:  wrap a function as a non run .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return a set-like hash using the data .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send s command .
truth: send command . 
test:  s   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  equation equation using the network cube equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  evaluate   analysis
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of the a custom information for either a human-readable string or a list of the user interface .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   display
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets a spm storage directory .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  gets   system
truth:  find   find

test:  resolve the given version of the document .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region name from a phonenumber whose region is a member in the given phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  get an alignment alignment time .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  get   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  convert a string to needquote .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  convert   shorthand
truth:  null   a

test:  given a chunk of sequences .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  make a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  a delimited dictionary for implementation .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return an xml representation of the input data .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  null   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve object specifications from the provided resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate a csv value for option and return a valid csv .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a async .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  return an linear sequence of a set of easy-usable .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the vm .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  null   null

test:  replace extra chars in text with the right args .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  decode   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the node configuration for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  get   node
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the variable according to the given arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  decorator for checking if request is a log4j cookie .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the xml or object .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the email addresses of user messages .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  fetches   order
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  seconds   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a list of completed exercises that the user is completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the application from a given image .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator to check the decorated function are called before reloading .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   b
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extracts groups from l .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return an ordered list of all the metadata for the given resource type .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate uniform distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  determine   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this function is called from ~/ .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   urls

test:  catch variables from axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the value of the named vm .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  return   query
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get config data for path and raise doctypes if path is not defined .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  takes an artist name and returns the status code from the search for the text .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  takes   reading
truth:  input   input

test:  init an explicit cfg .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of all the interfaces for which the provided vm will be passed .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that logs if api is logged in the api .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the int power of a given int or equal to the format .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  find   suspend
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculates the version of the table indicated by the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set new fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects the user to the rewritegluon page .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  split setting from python 2 and rest .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  url   stop
truth:  writes   a

test:  multivariate normal normal assumes x is a normal assumes it is at inverse et al .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   loglikelihood
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  sizes of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  fill   multiply
truth:  divide   one

test:  get the timestamp and drop the output of a network query .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple of variational hash for variational partition .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   partitions
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the quadratic quadratic matrix .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  null   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  function for use as a string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  make sure the given object is unicode to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  make   print
truth:  makes   null

test:  generate a random string for the given word to generate a code in a standard ftp .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  retrieves all dhcp options for a vpc vpc .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  retrieves   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - target database or database entries option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  return the back of the enabled backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a hadoop feature in both latest config .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  update   server
truth:  require   null

test:  return the function and path .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  return   no
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a path is a valid path as a directory and a directory path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  method for setting the last key .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  return   update
truth:  update   update

test:  read the gui .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  read   connect
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with 'a'] .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  x_{1}^e green used when setting one or more worker packages .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  gets the list of names and a response object describing the log commands .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a gpg from the system .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  creates   secret
truth:  function   function

test:  return the fully qualified name that can be used to initiate a given link cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  determines whether a line contains at most recent characters .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  determines   line
truth:  return   number

test:  helper function to get a new flexible for any 2d specification for a tuple of values .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user and redirects to home page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   user
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  for colours .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  pretty added to abstract .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get a time-based class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  pretty print the image represented by every cluster .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  push   in
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the vector3 paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used to get the main worker .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   add
truth:  null   worker

test:  print the existing routing hostname to stderr if an ip address was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  push status to new import .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean if a forum already exists or not .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd file and is a python identifier .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  to   information
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  resolves to backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tars   null

test:  the simple elements in a list to all elements in given sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  split   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure that its easy to a exception type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  search and verifies that the docstring from environment files .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if the url belongs to falsenetloc .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a vlan group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using value from value .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  set the path to the contribution .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get all compute services for a topic and topic it listens to .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a server from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a purchase from a queue or path .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   return
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse response with plugin functions .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   notification
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the users avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  is this command automatically adds the on-disk command automatically .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace apis or randomization macros if none given .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  replace   chocolatey
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to get the log of a process to the log command .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a userstories points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   data
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  if there is a binary matrix .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  if   index
truth:  null   factor

test:  add vertex element to the parent element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  onpick the lasso positions .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check users absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up log handlers for a loggers based on the given loggers and logging loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  set the specific console environment and custom console output .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the xml element from the object attribute dictionary .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if the existence exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  determines the extension mobile .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config and delete lines from the hypervisor .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  removes   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get the posix path of the module that contains no directories of this module .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  get   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  builds a equivilance key to put some stale into the document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  builds   task
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  generator for rule rules and the same dimension as the sequence .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  note   connection
truth:  put   put

test:  create an nodes of a tree to the given target .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  sets   translation
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validate that the current tunnel types are made .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clears the ip address on all possible nodes .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require required version to git constants against the steps .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  updating   check
truth:  git   git

test:  this is the first element of the vlc output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the grains of the given grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   type
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that an selinux string is a valid python id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns the value of a dynamically that maps the values to the specified value .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent tile to the aws monit queue .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   timestamp
truth:  add   add

test:  add an item or queues to a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  get   add
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a base64 encoded signature into a file .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory of this module .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   return
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator of all unique combinations of the sequence parameters sequence : int number of positional arguments .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the current user has the permissions to perform permission_codename .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorate a function to get rid of an object .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  memoize   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a common element in the list s = children of the given elements .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  determine the two values .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all of the topics on a particular list cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with verbosity .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that responds with the /api/ .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  view   input
truth:  null   health

test:  generate sequences of sequences in $workdir/libraries/usr/local format of the last dataset as values .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql and module from path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string in an if the file system can be a fast function .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return the directory to save the directory containing a file .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   application
truth:  return   a

test:  return default prefix of human-readable characters from config file by adding default error messages .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a function to be used in the class to set a specific value .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template from a list of attributes .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method exposes the authenticated or setup code indicating the coupon xml form .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  view   cart
truth:  null   method

test:  send out the bio .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   in
truth:  send   a

test:  creates a list of unique imdbindex via the build layer name .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  creates   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  the firewall length of the given cos**2 to be extended .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   key

test:  parse stats in word_size//8 .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  init   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  test the selectdatewidget class .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode an appropriate struct object from the given qtreewidgetitem and return it .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   type
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to mark a task as calling the task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run the suitable for the path .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  run   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  approximate a polynomial .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  refresh quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  update   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  get a transaction .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  create   a

test:  given a byte array .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  given   handler
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the name of this version .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front with the first substitution .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified function is a symlink or method of a callable .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print out the color to stdout .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  this is called as a python cmd checks if an environment .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  is   helper
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the pkgutil database to be a database with roughly selfupdate cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  output   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes from scenario and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   step
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  default page .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  default   page
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path components into a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  convert timestamp to a sentry field .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  log error messages based on the error .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  appends   roles
truth:  make   strings

test:  handle the resource execution .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  cached   collection
truth:  request   request

test:  parses exception stanza in an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  parses   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run the command-line tool with the beginning environment .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return attributes that doesnt exist for a user to be stored .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests max_revision() are always works even if the latest revision is not specified .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   assert
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return all the tricking module .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   netmiko
truth:  null   null

test:  dont use the current prepended from d .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  in local .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  run   unittest

test:  perform the annotations for a given object .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme by uuid .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expr_stmt : atom input imagepluginchoicewidget | code | newline | stmt .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the empty controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg where wed expect to find a egg in which the mercurial command is an eui64 distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  turns items from src into a report .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  turns   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary digest of the pbkdf2 hash of salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  like   like

test:  return the price absolute error .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  return   list
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  perform an image .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  using   quality
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   dtmf
truth:  reject   reject

test:  given an iso 8601 date and a date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a function for the attribution .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return the storage of an array after axes permuted .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements inside a document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  lazy initializer for servicecommandgenerator using the auto-detect init command .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  sets a bound on pml .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  port of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  compute infinite-medium for automatic differential equation at automatic .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   diff
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the values of a gaussian z method .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  check markdown fields of markdown fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  check   attributes
truth:  text   text

test:  list all the explicit tests on the current time .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  obtains   verifies
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the increasing function corresponding to the symbol of f .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  release a previously registered vm .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  release   updates
truth:  block   block

test:  all internal helper function for one of the values of a docstring with the given options .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  regression against "call" against the expected window grouping to distance between 4 and the expected altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   dicts
truth:  check   check

test:  return x .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to get xml tags and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this adds the given reference to the provided document with a new name of the form that will be exported .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check that an email is the limit of precision .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the column value for a column or none if available .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get username from a username or none .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   roles
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to create a dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a class object .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  screenshot a screenshot containing: as a screenshot view .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  endpoint   updates
truth:  displays   a

test:  return time information for an arbitrary episode of the module .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the direct service or raise if the memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  cached   null

test:  setup the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  setup   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if the user user has an user uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   user

test:  return a valid url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new child snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a valid xkcd event url and returns a formatted date .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  opens filename using filename and return its encoding .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  filename   copy
truth:  load   data

test:  a reverse function that preserves values in minimum format .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  compare   spam
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  parse a new manifest manifest file .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the context names and timestamp for cr .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  register an config cli example: .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   constructor
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a path to file this is the given path .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   worker

test:  ensure the arguments are registered .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  ensure   sets
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate directives in systems .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   homepage
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  try to return the id from a course .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the scripts will be listed for automatic tests .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  if   form
truth:  test   test

test:  import a module given its fully qualified name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  as can contain a num_steps: node with django proxyname: + apps which can be consistent as table .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   character
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return a code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   in
truth:  code   code

test:  load a file from the prng .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  get the device partitions on a device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  identify   return
truth:  array   array

test:  returns the words that will height .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that reads the records in a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  mapping   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the file path of a module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the campaign feed item ids used by a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return op for negative data from internal paramaters .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict for strings and return a deprecated after it .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  return   create
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for storing the non python path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes in the specified source .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart all traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  generates an image for a qt image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  generates   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  name the passed package name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  creates a new template in a template files .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if the url doesnt even if its in the url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  this function computes the 409 method of the console class .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  function   method
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  tokenwrap -> string return a byte string of tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  candidate candidate .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the first function takes no arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  create the description of an object .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  create   xml
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  plots decorator with a rolls tags or pytest .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  write a simple data .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   items
truth:  create   a

test:  delete the given instance of the given resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  the socket function for penner connections on the host system .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  run off off of running .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  run   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update the given trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses the logged in the json .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  construct the asset hash for the running asset if needed .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  render the usage locale .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  display   html
truth:  print   a

test:  the random strips function .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run the command and return its output as a directive .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a valid config file and returns a config instance from a configuration parameter and the right module .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts urls into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  perform   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  return   print
truth:  print   print

test:  update the audio .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  helper to find the name and returns the qualified qualified name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  to   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns partial form for documentation .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate revocation request .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   open
truth:  verify   null

test:  execlp -> command execlp .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  return   null
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns string of replacing the native string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the currently active connection settings .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a 2 2 ipv6 header from transifex .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  format the database .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  display   print
truth:  return   return

test:  internal api .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of urls that can be used to store the url and prefixed with the given home assistant things .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   session
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure file descriptor is a directory .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  relative strength index .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  if the munging passed to be requests .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   handler
truth:  adding   handle

test:  return the url to the same url as the cos(x)*-2 page .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  url   return
truth:  if   check

test:  remove fully remote-info whitespace from the linux section 2 .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  remove   line
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  displays the displaying or timestamp of a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts a string or unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return average average of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  give course info for timestamp block .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get a parsed capabilities .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   in
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the name of the latest cpu version .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  add a class to the context class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  add   enable
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  convert composite image to a pil image .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates the port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  sets the default language based on the request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  generates a dictionary for whether a given meas id is in the given meas .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace special characters of a unicode string with all special characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for mutating objects with sample information .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes lists of lists of decompressed characters .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  looks   work
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  parse xml file using a binary string .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  parse   xml
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generates a persistent service .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  dont have an empty prefix for the callers .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a sequence of html into html .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  replace all known adapter on serial interface .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  replace   send
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging combinations that was just two very things .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given utf8-encoded string is utf-8 encoded .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   utf-8
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   docker
truth:  get   get

test:  get block device to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  block   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the gce instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return formatted time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  handle signals .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  signals   logger
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   service

test:  return the numpy module if working directory should be enabled .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return as sys .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  performs a system of equations given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  given estimator to a random number with regions specified in cross-entropy .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  time   method
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory checking and if name is a function and returns a decorator which checking name .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  func   api
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   key
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements from the file system .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the tops' modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main view for a document .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  render   render

test:  check if the command .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  template image horizontally .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  context manager that sends a context manager to error message .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for author requests to max_depth permission documentation .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  call   call

test:  change the gui to one of the server loading from the server .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  returns   seed
truth:  run   a

test:  only load this module if valid and the confirm version is greater than or equal to the version of valid version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   work
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  helper function for printing to github directory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  function   call
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return list of prs that can be used as a given pattern in given format .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an action to an existing cli examples: .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  return the scalar from a partial string or an int .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check the unix path if any port failed .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne validator .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the experiment available as an integer .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gives   a

test:  load a project from a sorted url .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  usage   info
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course structure with the given course_key and user course_key .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of requests to ignore cassandra .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  time   time

test:  compute *mu* tuples of locked tuples at a given scikit and color values .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  splits   a

test:  return casts matrix from given transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of x and right is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to the given url .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the click library that would have already been run .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  calculate a linear regression history from a array-like of data set .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  calculate   project
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  test the position of the median method .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some doc .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  recursive   doc
truth:  null   null

test:  parse an expression and return a parsedtemplate tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert tzinfo to timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists a lists of existing implied sinks .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return if path is a python directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test a installation text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the api .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to get the request name from the request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether a key exists in the given key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  ensure an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  helper method to return the index line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate internal string for externally authenticated user .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify the dependencies were present in an item .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  null   galaxy_test_file_dir
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry execution .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper to patch up the result of a particular surface .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   mock
truth:  null   null

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  lazily init init .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the elastic 'gpmdp' user .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to perform another test on a validation .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   provider

test:  "generated digit .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  find out the contents of a new line and return a new line numbers .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   update
truth:  find   find

test:  drop epochs from a bad epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drop   indices
truth:  equalize   null

test:  create a list for an object that can be considered within this path .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  create   create
truth:  return   a

test:  return the state of the given file .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find a directory and return a list of people people .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a helper function to get the csrf off the csrf off of the requested token being redirected to perform a new value in the request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  given   a

test:  update the given docs .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the first item as defined by the given mapping .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  check the course date of a course mode args: username: : the course mode to check returns: bool: .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  helper function to format the data to be used as a single string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  function   count
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to run tests if not installed .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  function   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes special characters to a xml file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove the default availability script .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  for a particular item .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  default   null
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an array generate a new ndarray the boundaries of x along an odd extension module x
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image of the channel .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  set   return
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if apache is configured .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  return   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find a sysctl command line interface .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   statistics
truth:  expects   a

test:  get zones messages - redirecting .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: facts with the generated facts dict updated with the generated facts if they were
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing driver for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   pricing
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining paths to get the points .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  attempts to get the class from the most appropriate issubclass .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  is   app
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts an issues list .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  extract   references

test:  returns a yaml version of the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test file plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to partition or ] is exactly 1 .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive 1 packet at layer 3 and print them to a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stub the line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  removed inception variable that runs the given set of op until a given set of variables .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  sets   run
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a matrix of nodes .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return lowercased string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  return   input
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a sparse state is a valid unique state .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  get the last returndates date for the github date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a version from a provided system .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return a new set of autocorrelation object with a given prefix .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  computes true if nodes is a decorator which takes something modules .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads an s3 object from s3 location and write it to the update .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  pass me a .
truth: utility function . 
test:  pass   lines
truth:  function   function

test:  turn off the tuples to tuples .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the state of the timedelta .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   total_seconds
truth:  null   null

test:  a task with expr .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  update the common "coordinate .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  redirects   call
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a function .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   testenvironment
truth:  return   modules

test:  if any items .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  iterate   decorate
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate request handler methods with this decorator and wrap the user its lists .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  request   function
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  extract the authentication token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  wrap the specified timer .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  wrap   manager
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse function .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  return   pil
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that the creation count cannot be used to ensure that the database will be used when the ports in the db .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  tests   fixture
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to return the custom headers from a template cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  to   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  set variables in config dict and assign it to a value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  default   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the next part .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  changes the private key with given key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  create   a

test:  imap linking and clients .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  query   role
truth:  linking   linking

test:  return content from a text output .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  read a single q .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given nan with respect to q .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  normalize a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  io   image
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  whether a is an integer and 1 .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  request tasks .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  request   return
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from request .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   n

test:  returns a list of services .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a user is choices .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   action

test:  return a new branch length .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return the list of python-consul .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test that the exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   app
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if tuples are equal .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  checks if the user passed to the coupon method passed to the coupon engine using the exact request ; indicated .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   json
truth:  null   method

test:  sentence a dictionary of lowercase from a simple case .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  rolls changes to happen and resets the current transaction .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  middleware   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  the package should be able to have the qt work .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  get the username from the user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  counts the number of too input input input input input input .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  counts   mapping
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a portaudio function which checks if a given submission are valid and stored in a cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a type name from the given type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a development model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  request   return
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch params to be valid for the given requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  fetch   parameters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the given filename .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the number of seconds to a column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  converts a file or path to the differential times .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  rename source file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  cleanup   chocolatey
truth:  move   a

test:  return the argument name .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  to   shortcut
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the number of objects of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a os .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  parse metadata tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  module   path
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for required fields in primer segments .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  prints the weeks .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  prints   context
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes the jupyter to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds two theano scalars together .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the multiply dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  exact string can safely be an integer .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the translation link in the class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load all the directories of plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger from module .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  get   language
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the line for a line .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  find   update
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a reverse generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the module has been set correctly for the given module .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  checks   sequence
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the config class .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  context manager that changes the printed output of an ssh filesystem .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return an iterator on a xblock_field_name method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  return the image object to use for a local image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  start   custom
truth:  get   size

test:  returns the version as a string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  undoes   null

test:  convert an array to an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file client and add the options to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a video path from a file path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  scan   scan

test:  will select a random item from a circuit which can be found .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  time   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and returns a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return an qurl_from_user_input for all packages currently available as wide .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  close   close

test:  start surrounding surrounding windowinstart from a get_offset stack .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   in
truth:  display   display

test:  write a file describing two given file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads image locally and saves them to a given object .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   iterator
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  creates a user using the users .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sets the days excepthook for ipython .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path looks like a compatibility of the file looks for the underscore .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  translate most appropriate number of most iterations from the angle at shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  translate   encoding
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively delete a directory tree and/or cache files for current cache .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  verify that the dummy version of a dict is required .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return the result of a @timer playlist .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  filters   workaround
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a cross wrapper with a subprocess in a subprocess .
truth: run setup . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  serialize json instance into a dict .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools was installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for spherical if original is an infinite if it is inside a center if the original iteration .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path to the given hosts file .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  return the return value .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the length of the given size in obj .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of lengths .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   list
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a schedules gdal suite for all the applications in the cluster .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  call f with a search function .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to list of strings that are safe for comparison .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  string   string
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse tags of the numeric metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  stats   method
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute average clustering .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   closeness
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence returns a permutations if the given item in seq .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  true if the url was valid .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  if   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github team .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all compute ips .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test factor .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  if   null
truth:  like   like

test:  return the git address for the given node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  return full path to a file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns data for yaml problem from the given problem or certificate_id .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  trailing trailing slash together with embedded slash .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  trailing   path
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar lt lt | lbrace rpar .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   program

test:  function to generate a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  close the line number in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  close   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets a new module object .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  sets   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  auxiliary function to maintain a dict of sdm examples .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  check if name is enabled with the name of the stream scripts .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  if   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  add the round(4*^); portion of input inputs to the spatial spatial inputs .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   add

test:  get the gui id of an hrd application .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   a

test:  get and return all public and have a given key in a given follower .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  null   method
truth:  queries   queries

test:  check that yaml file specified in the data directory and train it for loading drivers .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  check   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  filter input from one cluster count .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  parse   output
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test context .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  test   up
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the full server .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the subset of a list of absolute clusters .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only calculate the arguments from the node keywords .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  to   try

test:  average pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  finds particular stack in system .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yields all files matching the input pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  yields   generator
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert the direct copy of terms of terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  square   a
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  show a metric commands using the flask server .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  iterates   uuid
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expression -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a class that only uses python constants .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  changes the actual property from the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  if   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test the right index of a querygroup .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the data from the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   function
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main function .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  url}/{owner}/{repo}/issues?state sets a new page of a page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  github   issues
truth:  github   github

test:  only for a recursive function .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  clear variables from pargs .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  is   t

test:  returns the symbol url for the supplied database type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  covers method for imapfoldersyncstatus entry from the repository entry point .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the index sum of an array .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  return   args
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump all runtime information environments cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   nagios
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of nbits max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes out the specified stream to the globally-held stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  check if proxy .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export method .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the :func:style arithmetic call to a partial collection .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  make a numpy ndarray or purges of data .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  make   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  return the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decodes a xenserver encoded integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   xor
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   kb
truth:  start   a

test:  verify that the supplied class shouldnt include correct .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   wether
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this check reports back daily email every email sent on daily .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   stream
truth:  reports   reports

test:  main function for the training specified in the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  null   return
truth:  build   build

test:  test the included api_key based header works .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  sanitize -> string .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run the command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   data
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates a database and set up the entire database .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that you can add an optionaltableimporterror from the embedding_attention data .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  saves   default
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  count the image through the orientation value and respond with a given grey .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  update   update

test:  get the first locales files found in the given locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* from vrf source code .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a async function .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  accepts   round
truth:  null   version

test:  open a specified mode using binary mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  return a dictionary of ip related to the metadata conversion .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  return   values
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if x is a valid curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  compute shapes map that the file system was constant to a given tuples .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  returns   downloads
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  tests whether the splunk_search l2 l2 content can be loaded .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  test   test

test:  arg arg .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  arg   function
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url to url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  helper function for subjects_dir .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  the contribution .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  null   run
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the current file path for the given file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string containing the namespace of the git checkout .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   git
truth:  launch   launch

test:  fake distutils .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   use
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for views that are a view function .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for cifar-10 in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   summaries

test:  function to get a generator of data from every file .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  function   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an entry point for a given block field on a block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  null   union
truth:  collects   a

test:  test pip wheel when pip links are present .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  calculates endpoint to nagios path for resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  load   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the user model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  gets   loading
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are left naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  listener for a refund user when an interpreter is posted to run .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is an enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a list of all apps that exist in models .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial exact pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  ensure that the device passed to device .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns a minimum edge cover of the graph g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  watch   call
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  easy searchsorted .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  import the module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if arg is a dict .
truth: return true . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  import and return a 3d installation bytes .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  null   information
truth:  given   null

test:  create a dict from n substring to get a dict of n colors from the given color .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit commit logs in a remote repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if a given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the output of desktop formatted as: formatted the image_id and compile .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  if   lock
truth:  calls   calls

test:  reverse reverse between strings of jump .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  indefinite indefinite + factorization .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the connection from vowpal go assertions .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   list
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial quotient by a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  ensure that the current directory is executable .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  default   directory
truth:  make   null

test:  attempts to exit the user used .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   infinite

test:  determines user home directory to use .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  uses   directory
truth:  return   location

test:  return the correct plist for a module or module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a file with the given arguments .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  run   return
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib image can be created .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  determine the elements of a list .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for the built-in database files .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  get rsync output .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   decode
truth:  changes   changes

test:  the time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   time
truth:  return   current

test:  show a running service .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  null   create
truth:  identify   null

test:  coerce a given interval to a mobius function .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  coerce   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function is called before running before displaying a test .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  open   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure all items in all available models can be available .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   content
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently destroy a health check using acceptable .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show a list of attributes of the background async of the background .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  duplicates   null
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are kern and values are tuples and values are tuples value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gradient gradient of the hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  null   character
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the fully qualified url for the given rss .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   return
truth:  posts   posts

test:  returns true if x is a generic sort of x .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version from the changelog .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  returns   lines
truth:  extract   part

test:  get the correct app object .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the first grades from a student for expected grades .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the very information for the given vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager to change the stdout output .
truth: override sys . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for quite .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed range of closed closed closed .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find the 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   mask
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a equality test function .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  format   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the value of the dictionaries for each space .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  to   null

test:  create out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  return   stubs
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace html reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username specified a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the headers from the data dict .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the first system users system system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads the given file and returns a record object .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  verifies whether the given directory has a database .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a mock cli example: .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple containing the redis client lock .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the given path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle structure is a valid bundle .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check whether the given table is available for mysql .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  check   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  default function for defining object type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  function   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  helper function for cleaning up collection application .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  ensure   py
truth:  command   command

test:  return the directory for the current operating library .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create discovery of a network device .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test sanity checks if a file with old group is present and the path to the changes of the file or later should be followed by the error .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 with cylindrical .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the versions of cudnn when a version is used to send to the versions of twisted version price .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   try
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a new base32 encoded string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  load mappings mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure correct specific relationships of the chain .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  click   null
truth:  test   test

test:  fetch the specific model instance with the given key from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  fetch   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  extract a pipe from page .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets out multi args from boto .
truth: given a field . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   image
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string - currently checked out returns: a template cli example: .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cooperative file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for concrete role on machines .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given an opcode .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return base number of characters .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  return a dataset dataset which contains a namedtuple file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  return   index
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  get an items code from a dictionary .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  get   return
truth:  build   a

test:  return the stop notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  a case guess that the table as a string or translate it round-trips on just of integer and that they are correctly round-trips by a youtube line .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a valid locale object for the given locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert timezone float to nt date on the epoch of nanoseconds or datetime .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get megam page .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  downloads a config file to a specified archive .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that calls the given dbms page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  parsing parsing that match matches matches matches anything .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a formatted string for a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   null
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  show a message of messages .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  select   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse the location line of the given location .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a user from a list of owner .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the *k* distance for sequences .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator provides a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  ignore   source
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert paths to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a config object from a contextstack module .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version of the named vm .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a collection from the given item with all units specified values .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  handle start events in sites mode .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   slices
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default test matches the input @cleanupdef .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach all attachments into filename .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic value of two error .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  computes   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  validate a string as an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  validate   shortcut
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes of a node in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the results of a row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert a dcm machinery to a capital message .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a redundant hash from a dict of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  extract   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  example: -> str assert the command output of the last command output .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  example: example: with an object the identifier code .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  do   html
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a recipient log postfix date and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  fix the given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  fix   name
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that a valid foreign key is a valid one .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an xml element to a string .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   none
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the template prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast a tensor or a angle into a angle of the appropriate python element .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse string from yyyymmdd before sortcap utc | utc timezone info .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  to   attempts

test:  return integer as a python integer from network byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes an statement for a given aruba object .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the either of the referer of the item in logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  func   append
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a key in the user accountpolicy .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   cookies
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a bootstrap comment .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  create   stop
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return the current request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document of a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator for individual delimiter .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the drop index sql statements for all models in the given output .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a machinectl feature to test the users features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   dictionary
truth:  request   request

test:  handle epochs once .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  sync   helper
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check for wedge .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   line

test:  get the indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  get   update
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees into degrees string .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   a

test:  register a function .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller for budget_staff .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  do the changes to the rich changes .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  sends   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the run command popenargs[ .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  converts a dnssec batch .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if the attribute name is a builtin one .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete asset asset delete .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of groups to the containers in each inventory .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a list of all the current user current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  get the string class :return: the word name and the word message .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm pi thermostats .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize the backup endings that require one or more rainbow plugin to another .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find nodes which match nodes with children of nodes which they exist .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  providing files in 3d .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dictionary representation of the given encoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a color object from a set of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries from one dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of all modules from the given list of all modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh a list of all containers that belong to the specified container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  refresh   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  probability of the chi-squared chi-squared .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of the internal object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validates html of ipython script .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   links
truth:  draw   null

test:  given a list of exercises .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  copy all annotation paths from src to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   src
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  subroutine the given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  header   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates the data for the given document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a vfs .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  disables   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse a fiff results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   half
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list of ids of all ids that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system files below the given name .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   size
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse diophantine equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return default project instance to pyname on instance .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  return true if the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  generate and derivatives of the first kind .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generates   dataframe
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get a new instance of the given object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sends a message to the server .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  post   data
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the filesystems to format .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes the multiplication of the vector store u = 1 .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a more network attribute of the specified network .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker installer in the given distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this function generates a polynomial that the var value? .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  return   assert
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates a whole number - the values after the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get emails for post messages .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  get   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from an images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   registration
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return for rfc python hook .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   format
truth:  detect   null

test:  escape python objects to json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  git   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of repositories details for the given repo .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  return   information
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the user has at least the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a requests .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the cluster header is well from pypi .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  limit number of calls to be logged at a minimum of calls .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  limit   number
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert json matrix to a pil matrix of raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  allows   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  call func_to_retry .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  to   reverse
truth:  convert   a

test:  run a shell command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  calls   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the hermite classification quatvec transform of square vectors .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  get information about the databases of the postgres server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  get   run
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over time from parser .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  installed   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return whether path is a symbolic symlink this is not a function that would be ignored .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  if   change
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure exception is logged and returns an error message .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  throw   a
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  limit   a

test:  the values of an iterable object over the values of an array .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  create the name of the previously registered node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  build   page

test:  call the named swap database .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  function   no
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add all first functions or functions .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  search   decorator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  chdir for image codes .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a child process .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  run   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a boolean if the object passed is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the stat(2) port .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of expected text syntax .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments and return its output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  get the valid ipv4 address .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  help processor for synthetic methods which need to be used in the extra_data object changed after synthetic .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  accept   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  converts an fixture to a tag .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  converts   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a serialized description for the given type description .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to get a ccx of an course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   list
truth:  create   a

test:  test if mock summary can be able to compare mock data .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  default_handlers new git view for a new search running the new attribute .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  string containing the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  compiles all the sequences .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  logs   method
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  check if a rule matches the given name .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   rules
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to temporarily change language code .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show a filename with the samples .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  sets the modules output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  gets   null

test:  the collections signal must be found .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a url .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  set the target function for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   get

test:  this function constructs an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  tries to determine the current list of installed users .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items or album to an object of trackinfo items .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   entity
truth:  moves   null

test:  return true if the glob in the list .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   image
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the index of a particular backend .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check that the given assets have the least one of the assets for assign an assets to the given asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  unpickle chebyshev lock for memoryerror its code .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns true .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two or etags .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  dictionary   wrapper
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing the testing user can be enabled .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  sets   handler
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse scheme url into normalized url .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  update the current revision revision with the given command .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  serve   attempt
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copy a file key from s3 to s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  creates and return [row dictionary from all data in the given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   instances
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  first in the list given by fact predicate .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  override xml element in xml format .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the desktop timestamp cli example: .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  set the packs to a bytestrings .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  set   null
truth:  packs   a

test:  the authorcount translation in which a the 0 is supported .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  create selected operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   resource
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a process is running under pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry if function calls bash .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  try   something

test:  run the function if debugging is raised .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the circular distances on an array of rows .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   gradient
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable all the django database instance .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  invalidate   redirect
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a regexp list into a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a bool whether a host is sunos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  expand the appropriate qt path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  select   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the value of the request to use this determine the request should be well as a changes to .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  determine   requests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the accessible by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   add
truth:  return   return

test:  return a paste .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return all available metric definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  retrieve   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  format the html with vmware html .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   version
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  stop == true .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the class based on the module and class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the iscsi output from available ports .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   query
truth:  get   get

test:  return the arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used internally when reduction in integrating .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   part

test:  replace characters found in a replace directory .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  replace   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypts and endcodes data using aes .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  queue view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  returns a subset of the installed issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to the grains of the proxied server .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to do a returned expression that contains the physics .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  sets   configure
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the 8 provider is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  helper function to get keys in order .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  function   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current mode that can be used to normalize the master .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  normalize   grain
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a list of all grains for the given datastore cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  function   function

test:  format label as per a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   lines
truth:  format   a

test:  compute plot for each 1d or correlation .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  compute   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user has all rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  calculate style style object for the standard age of a node .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  calculate   create
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  attempt to find a module file certificate under name .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  an html template after a certain filename .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a web2py bit from the name of a file to the public device .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  when a bad service is raised .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  notify   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup the gui after mercurial mercurial device .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  start   like
truth:  detach   program

test:  generate cos url performs a socket for the repo url .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image from the specified image uuid : string image to be installed when using system image name to be removed from an installed image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  returns a decorator that instantiates a generating function .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return an fft formatted length for the installer .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  turns   description
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the path to the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  object   object

test:  like all but can be embedded in the input formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  serializes   i
truth:  null   formatter

test:  compute c{obj} info task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  select   task
truth:  format   a

test:  kill the text from the end of the line to the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  accept   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator for wsgi wsgi beams .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  scan   factory
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the daemon limit of a set of rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   function
truth:  limit   memory

test:  callback for *cert* in obj and callback .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  password   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return alf_explicit_auths information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   profile
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  make sure the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the end of a module in a set of dask examples .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html this plugin publishes files from ptarget publishes .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path from prefix .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  convert text with python source code and an opf file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  text   back
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the weights table .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   truncate
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates using "table" and derivatives .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add an existing event code to the default order .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript source code .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   js

test:  return the database tables .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a long random source file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  attempt to word a public uri from a string .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  null   function
truth:  look   up

test:  remove all mtime before the mtime list .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   like
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp console data .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   type
truth:  list   regexp

test:  lowering the audio information from 'browser' to the respective peer_info_dicts of the given 'browser' cli example: .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  select   shuffles
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the languages languages dict for a given type .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the area loops by loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parse command line argument to execute the html .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  running   running

test:  providing no value should run bases in the old-style or none in the old-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the last cross-entropy of the expression .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  return a rs .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of context from the dataset .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  context   update
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a command on the remote system .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  dict the arg in the expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   arg
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a string in readable config .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  configures whether a vpc matches the given subnets or not .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  configures   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid entities .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  callback   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log out the traceback from the log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  output   file
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a list of source_string identifiers .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the resources in group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of module names of importer names .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  when given datetime .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if discussions has staff status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a simple function to construct the timestamp of p_i .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  decide   quantize
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a time from the tree and return a triple of biopython objects .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the files that owns the specified dictionary .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  numpyprinter an s3 bucket name to internal version of lag versions .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  to   null

test:  update addons+collections download .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   translate
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  query the query symbol for the current request .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  query   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  split host with each host pages from a chunk of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  host   parse
truth:  list   list

test:  get cached model for a given model .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle and decompresses to a background file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  pickle   configures
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the argument name list of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check that a string is inside a valid unicode string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the frames of a socket file .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the top of the process using the given pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  retrieves the ssh action .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke value .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  return   return
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns client id for authorization client if specified .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that test expressions are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert any argument to a buffer object .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic data .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   prewitt
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  convert naive :class:~datetime .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  mock tb function .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  calculates an image dialog and a directory .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  using   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a scrollregion scrollregion .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a node is some previously added or stop of inputs .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cumulative density function that evaluates a sequence of numbers .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks if a meg meg chain are processed .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  removes rules from the api .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  removes   context
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the path to a physical directory for a given path path .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  null   resource

test:  send email as a recipient of a recipient file .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  email   function
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns the version of the most installed ip in the barcode of strategy .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  check   check

test:  get the list of the given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  sets the logger for a logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  make   process
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns the absolute path for a sibling module .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string which is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all valid urls linked to an valid docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_psutils is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the defaults from the original sensor and returns a properly .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name corresponding to an ascii encoding or none if the given encoding is not .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  write needopenfilehandletowriteto to sequences .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  initialize a url for methods .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  initialize   conversion
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson int64 to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if the application is valid .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  used   app
truth:  null   handler

test:  user out .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  validate non-nan floats and b .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  wrapper around source to serialize an invalid path .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return - between two second from cur_time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   float
truth:  return   difference

test:  return the list of roles along the project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return x of an catalog .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   components
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the threadpool .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  process   process

test:  show out a url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to simulates an email remote server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  evaluates   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  set   model
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  compare a replication record .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  command   find
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load if the os is sunos .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  make a fake view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   view
truth:  to   magic

test:  set the given pages for all successful pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  set   language
truth:  published   create

test:  remove a directory cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  ensure   information
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  given a list of controller .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  return a class object for a module in the database .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the given certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  returns a list of all permissions that have the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return whether a slice has been completed for releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return 'dnsmasq-v'out version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  installed   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get shipping method step without shipping shipping without shipping shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the binary representation of image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   null

test:  return tuples of cheatsheets in different dependent processor name go .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  return   -
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe user before basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of items of graph that are not a given series .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that an xri object is an xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  ensure   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check weight weight and only if w is found .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  run a function .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read a file and return parsed locales object .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true if the selected options for selected select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  selects   a

test:  return an iterator over all objects defined by the default module file .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  start a single operator in a log record .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  start   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  return a list of expression representing f in f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the twilio options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test that template can be created correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the logging content in the provided location .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reindex for a set of data where each key is bound to the data mapping of the data point is a set of data .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the coherence between *x* by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  null   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  hits the specified job and return the marathon instance .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns an public file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  loads   null

test:  hash decorator for whole request objects .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the cache of an existing cache entry .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  if   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the hour is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a documentlistentry byte .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   convert
truth:  read   a

test:  transforms a encoded chunk of url using url and the first q .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a text representation of binary characters .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   frame

test:  add the simple area from the system .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  setup   tuple
truth:  registers   null

test:  publish the values of an execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  indices   replacement
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if user has staff access to the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an dict-like response with the json output as matched .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a valid text to a valid user .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  add   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   one
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all the a list of service .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the default channel for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the flic and exit with the specified images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  removes   enable
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a use decrement the reference count of a media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help help command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  help   help

test:  return the 'qemu-imgcreate-f{ of the specified image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   image
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a template that can be filled with a namespace .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  render   a

test:  restart if the vm can restart a new service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  if   enable
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  given a field_name instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  given   data
truth:  try   fn

test:  handles a bad password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  handles   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read 3 data into entity .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  read   close
truth:  null   behavior

test:  returns whether n is a power of n combinations .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  tests   resolves
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a value to an imf-fixdate sequence .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parse the command command document .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  enables   readline

test:  change new primary resource primary key and replace all changed .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the cluster size from the system name or integer .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that classification estimator can be called in random words .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   parallel
truth:  if   check

test:  generates the exponential function of a log file .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list_type : field_type .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  return module-level code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a hash for a hash based on the file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   member

test:  return the event for an object .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge a dataset describing a dataset table update from a list of columns id .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull character name from a non-existing function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  code   code

test:  guess whether a password matches hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   a

test:  the predicate that require the keys of the given option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   in
truth:  was   option

test:  send a message to the specified attachment file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   open
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a dictionary of the date/time information for all the specified oldest .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the http tool has been set .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  ensure   integer
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a random image representing a random image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  return a human-readable string representation of the given timestamps .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   processor
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a traceback of all available info here to the fit_generator .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the kern file .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  turns   count
truth:  null   number

test:  activity activity controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   activity

test:  a simple template with a template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  create   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version of the executable .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a data structure of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is an anonymous operation for tests running in a <script> operation .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the command line and associated values .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  command   command
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random object for the specified object .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generates   initialization
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator used to declare fresh the class with fresh .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert value to a list or of strings or .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  convert   action
truth:  to   helper

test:  return rgb color by rgb color function .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find the most appropriate source in f f from clauses to lists .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the provided epoch in seconds since epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  for numbers in show safe to support int .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   long
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert the given value to a boolean like so: .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test if a is a return .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  adds api to the site_url plugin with the trash plugin .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a batch client .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log of the values in x and y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  check the file descriptor for the output .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  check   a
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value from the proxied configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  removes removes source files created by invoking created .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  cleans   add
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   versions
truth:  project   users

test:  send changed event only when a table was added .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  stub used in the expresion .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  label   controller
truth:  default   html

test:  takes a root_dir object and encode binary tuple into a 'commentable tuple .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the maximum value of the python tests .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs a matrix multiplication one row element-wise examples .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  rotates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test for translation .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  test   return
truth:  like   like

test:  check that the given service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper function for very canvas .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  get the most recent value list for a certain value .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the full path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  return   function
truth:  split   path

test:  align the given alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   returns
truth:  byte   byte

test:  guess the most common boto_elasticache common .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  to   matching
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  tries to return a message or a python value the right one .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  return   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  back-slash crop with text/encoding .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  preprocesses   time
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run for all events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  draw a list of forwarding from salt://_pillar and optional pillar cli example: .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  start   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get a list of all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  iterates over commands .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove leading and y to the new filesystem .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  replace   ship
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   details
truth:  return   cputime

test:  loads and returns a configuration dictionary .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  execute   in
truth:  config   config

test:  add an index .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  sets   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  get a python string in an object .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   text
truth:  converts   a

test:  create the rst in the internet network .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  using   test
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the next item used for generating random numbers .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method for collect_submodules functions in the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  create   a

test:  convert terms of f in k[x] to dict .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return the content of a property that is the dict of raw tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  test 180 prompt .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   pexpect
truth:  run   core

test:  converts the n-dimensional rgb label into an int .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  turns plain text into a list of txt .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  removed a layer with the given email .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a stdout command .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules in the given module .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the mapping[u] communicability of g for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shows two add-on levels .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns json representation of image files .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   json

test:  test #3160 from datetime .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all games that differ between the given interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version of the latest class .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  clear out and filters/extensions .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the set of node nodes by the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume entry .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  there is a valid curve .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load dictionary of futures from a pixbuf .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  return the transfer function of sos .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve the numa information from the numa and replaces them .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  get   get

test:  verify that the "\ntry utility conditions out of docstrings .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  to   test

test:  fixes on is_default or merge data to the paragraphs .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  source   wrapper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the currently active user or none if no request is currently active .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the obl of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   values

test:  save the registry for a new port; file .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  saves   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  create a strategy for a specified resource in the specified server .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the default levels from the partition filters .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns an astroid to all contents of a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs associated with a valuesexcept document .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a hash of s with a given type .
truth: s: string . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait until the cluster or redshift .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  lists all return_stmt devices cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  list   information
truth:  return   a

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a divided by b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return source code .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  upload a file to its non-blank area .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  upload   source
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq virtual host is absent policy .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  computes the *l2* kernel .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   values
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all certificates associated with a kb request .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   info
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a dictionary of the unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  null   call
truth:  given   a

test:  always prints a plugin .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  dump - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  pass in phonenumber .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  pass   datasets
truth:  formats   a

test:  provide xhtml for a text .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  provide   options
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  generate the flask addon app .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  looks for a certain header in the form .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  looks   warnings
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the value of thrift transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a syncdb path into a negative key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  checks if the object is available .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  null   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether a string on its converted to a valid arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  make repr repr of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  make   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the lighter-weight switch service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all filters and groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the line of a weighted list of params[i] .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  offset   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  copy a dict of musicbrainz container container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  wait   container
truth:  port   port

test:  check check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  init_declarator_list : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  converts a long to an axis by c format .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root node of the tree nodes by the provided node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  get   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean of vector args .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  make a way to be used for national is_vim_object .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  build   return
truth:  merge   merge

test:  in how opaque are bytestrings .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  null   null
truth:  let   null

test:  create a proxy for an interface that builds the wrapped object from inside the db .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for skip two extension files .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all groups .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  map an expression that started a template file .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  looks   find
truth:  find   find

test:  ask for a jinja object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  ask   list
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator - called by a combo method calls a /api/ method .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  marks a checksum checksum as 16 packets .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions of name .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  fixing   view
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a dns message .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  check   window

test:  replace items by insert/commit to simple .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of the given bound to a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a nexml record for an undohandle file handle .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  validate   augmentation
truth:  breaks   up

test:  search for a dictionary of expire strings .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  search   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  format user-level information to the subscription xml .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header to modify a python json naming method .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  list   split
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing from a egg .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given the list of diff and diff between the latest .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  given   return
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of versions associated with all items .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   list
truth:  running   running

test:  creates a python-like device .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a unicode object .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method to yield public exceptions when the wrapped function .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line that has line number in the tree .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the query dict of all fields and/or notes: * useful for the query dict of the query strings .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  returns path to the directory in subjects_dir .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  to   check
truth:  find   a

test:  upload a given single client algorithm into the given object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   attribute
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to wrap a tab record .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url url for remote transactions .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  set   app

test:  calls the user which redirects to the account .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  calls   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return xprotect information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make the work() wheel at "dash" to build the auth directory .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  make   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample a step by a distance matrix .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  arrays   blobs
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a internally bucket name and returns a boolean indicating whether a internally bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  function converts a key and returns the vmware keys .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  returns   directory
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial and a monic in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  returns the list of two numbers of a topic .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse tabpages .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve information for a file by name .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  maps   metadata
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get a directory from its paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  turns the given document structure into a python object .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  construct   json
truth:  null   null

test:  the fraction of each variable in the tensor .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  get the last cart from the passed request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  return a random craft sequence of constant instances in shape when the same dimension .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  return   problem
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator for notifier .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a wheels stub to show tasks .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  serve   add
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  start a new stop instance .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  start   ip
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong knn .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds file in oslo .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  returns a query using the specified credentials .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  temporary socket function .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  be   admin
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the average with the top level sets of the given language .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: for the unit of the unit function .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  set   set

test:  compute cfrunloop loss based on newaxis]return .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  ensure   normalize
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  restore the current process .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add supplied tags to resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   tags

test:  read a content .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  get   backend
truth:  file   file

test:  unpickle metric for copy_reg to be fired .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if the value of a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the attributes of an attribute .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  get   xml
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   source
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function will check the basic dashboard requests for all of the given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  check   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return the processor string that supports cpu .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  helper to escape a character from invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  to   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  there is a restricted session and complete session .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  uint mean squared data with shape .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  model   threshold
truth:  mean   mean

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   chamber

test:  write the named logging .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  sets   handler
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the vm for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  make a small client which will call both quickly and protocol .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the to-be-unpacked folder name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply -> list of strings found in the substring .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   computation
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the row and return a list of popup' .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  get the following xml functions that contains the root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  get   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return true if all the capitalized brackets .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  keep   null

test:  return the first func of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an *pysig* website website .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  disable repositories from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  helper to format the reverse to the client file .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   display
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a single exponential .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  plots   a

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a bartlett of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create an sql server that doesnt have the correct plugin to an sql server .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  create   upload
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  generates the applescript .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  generates   line
truth:  list   list

test:  path - / .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  registers a new user activation token .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt unicode output plus given text .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the exception on vertical disk .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize for host-byte source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  loads a node from data structure .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  loads   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  data handle of a variable .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   one
truth:  try   try

test:  computes all registered entry in the original table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test new numpy array .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  log   a
truth:  test   test

test:  format the experiment server using the given id .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  handle   use
truth:  given   a

test:  resolves the source manifest into a package in the filesystem set .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache site to be installed .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  require   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the id for the foreign table - name1: version .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  get   controller
truth:  resolve   a

test:  extract all document and produce an node which have upper document constraints .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   version
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate a string that is in the environment variable .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find the path to the path .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure its possible to test the borders type .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a new addon decorator this decorator serves the test methods to run .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  request   capture
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a action for an action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare filesystem using the file system to be used .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  called   null

test:  save a list of strings to a specified corrected output .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  save   serialize
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install the gravatar url for a given email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  install   check
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer should proceed; .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main function to call the commandline interface .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  set   html
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  pick a rule from the file: rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  to   html
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that the btrfs root directory is installed .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   directory
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test the mutable value for a field causes the aws key fields .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  render a template from the input arguments .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the contents of a specified file .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  importing   try

test:  sets the contents of the request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  null   view
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a specific font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set user to the gid .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the total size of the given image .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get indicator status for columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  set   set

test:  compare dipole removed mask .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  test   len

test:  in table with ipython cell .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show the list cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  callback   get
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  infer a method or a json tree .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   file
truth:  given   null

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   inclusion_only_unlimited_args_from_template
truth:  convert   convert

test:  takes an array of path and returns the full path .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that the specified child groups need to be updated successfully .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks whether the various override conditions for entrance user .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   controller
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a value in milliseconds or positive .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  escape a string using base16 .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a list of absolute items that are in length .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split any text from a code .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  remove   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  function that will get the specified container cache key and the [uuid|alias|hostname] value .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  recursive helper function compare two amo-validator .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  take a slice tensor with the data points and return a slice with the index of the dask .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  take   running
truth:  null   null

test:  return the seqlen each row in the given list .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  block   block

test:  determines if the given formset is a valid formset formset .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete segment file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  serialize   data
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with valid xml service .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  callback to catch hosts defined in decorator .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  default   null
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  return true if all elements of *seq* are in the given thisval logic .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  solves best differential equation division using the substitution u_2 u_2 u_2 + u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a static domain object by its name or id .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the default tag of a tag name .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  return a handle to a file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   b
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the first plugin of the given plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return 3 distance ge .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  return   size
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a strong tag value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  extract   line
truth:  parse   parse

test:  pickle a gcode dump .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  performs   python
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id and the given id and the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a twisted .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  try to read url from another .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  url   return
truth:  given   null

test:  decorator for profiling updating the celery application .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  shows   mock
truth:  configures   configures

test:  whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the mtime stats of a file stats .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   file
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if attribute was initialized at signature to skip tests the class .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  validate a request if it raises cycles .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  time   time

test:  cos[ of a gaussian cosine of a gaussian states .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  null   model
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a dictionary representation of the given object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes up to check output from a method with some deleted .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple from surround to 'tuplemustcontain .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get data about the function community and community .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  null   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return an sqlalchemy activity for all activities from the given instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  connect to s3 and cache the s3 file in s3 .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test cast column support .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   issue
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   show
truth:  module   module

test:  append a fake http response to bypass waf .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  if   a
truth:  append   a

test:  run the vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get string on all the dot product of source files .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  increment   decode
truth:  return   type

test:  given a date/time string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  custom fulfillments function of x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns a list of disjoint union of graph g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a course is enabled for the given course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator for serialze the exceptions at imdb .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given an integral of a set of polynomials .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  determine   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  try and retrieve an attribute and return a user name .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes a list of users from the system .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   users

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  get the directory for the gce .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the decoded number .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   function
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  an appropriate version of ssl certificates for the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  get the current configuration value for the supplied config .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  calculates information about a valid device cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  returns   statistics
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify that the certificates certificates using the topic .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme overrides this value .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return a list of tuples from the string with an int .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  provided a field in the javascript 2 .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  null   return
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier by end and the multiplier to the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  adjust   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a worksheet string to hex string of hex characters with spaces .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the path to the file name .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  collect the cache of resources .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  clean   runs
truth:  run   testcase

test:  return a new request to the specified urls .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  reverse product of circle .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  reverse   fill
truth:  return   return

test:  import module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test that all items in list are loaded .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return information about the running user on this user .
truth: return user name . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are set to the linux guest additions .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to convert a admx policy string to a python policy .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   add
truth:  provide   null

test:  common to get a vm .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   server
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   date

test:  returns a tuple to the thread-local numpy array on the given thread-local .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a 2d datatable with wed and optionally nearest k .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns no user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  return   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  find the image power of a square matrix .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  find   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if a named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update all the p records .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the kind of specific cpu vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of distributions in installed_apps .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  link according to the last limit .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  null   loops
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  setup the setup component .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  listen   setup
truth:  track   states

test:  returns a list of http token at the given line body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over successors in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers of n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is fully unicode string .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  produce an random python token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  hash   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  return the contents of a file and is a zip file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   feature

test:  return fast elements in seq .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  seq   convert
truth:  empty   a

test:  send email using one queue .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  email   test
truth:  email   email

test:  three a sympy expression summary of one or more dictionaries .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  context   converts
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the maximum of the minimum array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   range

test:  main function for the reddit packages .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string can be checked .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url to the specified url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  this decorator should be equal to the given exception .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  null   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  calculate the sqlalchemy base array for binary array .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  render   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the leading layout .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  computes the standard error of the values of the wrapped function .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  ensure   results
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create a toy node at the github node and require github api .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  compile   redirect
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of names of key flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   file
truth:  list   list

test:  this function is simply to put some more than 7 into the last file .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a service group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  lowpass butterworth filter to determine if a filter in analog .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns a list of lists of the *worder* list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  invoke effect of a function with a single microsite tag .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  run   a

test:  gets the path of a package with a given package name .
truth: given a package . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  always use a string as a number report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  generate   value
truth:  input   number

test:  retrieves the exception from the request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  reports   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the first code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  request   show
truth:  given   a

test:  pop a warning function .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  pop   install
truth:  issue   a

test:  generate a new avatar for the current user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   a

test:  implementation of :py:func:args_for_opt_dest_subset() for get templates .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  request   comparison
truth:  return   json

test:  import package defined in the package .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  run   return
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that declarations works when not accepted .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  testing sys .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  initialize the thorium thorium and work out .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  reads   up
truth:  execute   null

test:  normalize path name from python path and return a file path where its mystrom .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the n-th coefficient for two continuous .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  creates a class from a class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   version

test:  show an ip connection .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   information
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to the request object .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  determines an array of non-zero elements of type types .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a dictionary-like object with the given instance .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  moment moment function for eigenvector using a distribution parameters using the x along with a given axis .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  return the cidr pattern .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a damped of sometimes sometimes .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get disk info for server .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  installs   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of files from the web web file after each list of files which have a static list .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  verifies that the credentials is valid for the user .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  make   null

test:  simple check to find zmq curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  this is to serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determines if a collection has been deleted .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  project   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate kb contributors in the table .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  handles   settings
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  does two posix pairs using the forrt congruence parameters data : array-like outset : float32 minimum sphere method of the vectors .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  does   aggregate
truth:  null   component

test:  adds a satisfying .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert datetime to a timezone aware + useful to the current time .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the running container .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  null   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  checks that derivative of the hyperbolic derivative is less than max_length function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  checks   rename
truth:  apply   apply

test:  counts the two axes .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  counts   x
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  return an executable string for the given port .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  return   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  ensure an array of strings are of type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns the workload instance .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the flocker distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of exploration to which the memcached version exist .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a new sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   updates
truth:  writes   null

test:  utility function to convert x to a tuple of values .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  function   dict
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http request for automatic clusters .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  setting   function
truth:  function   function

test:  run a "start" command with the last stats .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  run   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the rsa percentile of n .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   markup
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing hash .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  file   wrap
truth:  evoked   test

test:  return split of infiles filepaths containing one line of the infiles line .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks for current group .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check for the given addon is installed .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the remotes server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  make   urls

test:  replace an image for a binary image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  replace   correction
truth:  features   features

test:  check media form form for users that are posix before the normalize method .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  salesource edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  applicationnodedeployer recommend server on a yaml sequence .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  monitor   counts
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  test function: parse all the database .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  sets   connection
truth:  set   set

test:  add beveled given radius to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if text of the css field reading .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl port number from the current project .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  return   build
truth:  build   build

test:  n326 - use unittest2 instead of policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  -   uuid
truth:  look   null

test:  get a valid url for interacting with the specified coordination from the waited .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the bcpy of the dataset that contains the given bcpy .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to a hex hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  finds the grep version of the passed executable and returns the executable that is given as a facts value .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  send   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the url .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  report uncaught with the ability to the context .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  split words using rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get a repo from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   get
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a filename .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator for slug that returns the slug .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  project   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the user has fulfilled to the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a validation class with this decorator .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  show all employees cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a new variable with the given name .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  null   env
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  wrapper around oslos .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  read   data

test:  get channels from channel .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an opcode object method to a unix timestamp .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  create   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decode html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decode   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  reorder a real matrix by a color and test_indexes .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  clears   dipole
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the namespace from a replacement dict .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   names
truth:  validate   app

test:  parse the given node .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  extract   messages

test:  utility to make sure that html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the html writer is not use multi-dimensional columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test line with the same serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   everything
truth:  test   test

test:  a trace function to always return false .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  null   format
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync folder for all apps in installed_apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   list
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get account from first .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  cast 8bit .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  process a simple index definition to a specified host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  process   a
truth:  host   host

test:  test if a message doesnt exist .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return url for google cloud storage .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  url   link
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new module to the persistent output .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  scans   no
truth:  add   a

test:  test checking for a test report report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adding   test

test:  the out_stream bytes of a stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  signs   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  save os-dependent output to views .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  convert   image

test:  return the asynchronous tool shed and its owner from it as a list of changesets that are new .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  log messages from debugging and prints a message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  a valid url to the underlying context .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  null   launch
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the local path of the dataset .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns virt .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  reverse   remote
truth:  increase   image

test:  read text from a dataloader .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  compatibility version of vector: .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  recursively kill the inverse of a collection .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the numpy arrays and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  insert/update a json configuration of type settings .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shared the session session by name using the state session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the absolute path for the module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  get the default scheduler setting for the given default scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  return shape of an array to a string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  string   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tabs name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  return   name
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  format a list of styles installed in the string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  joins   style
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry is a function that turns on a user classification .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  is   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  a simple build properties on the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that value is a valid wamp note that it can be found .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   args
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of network options for network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a datetime object where the given date from the provided date string .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   values

test:  return successful html documentation specified in the environment .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  extract   null

test:  run a string using a given value .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  return the minimum complex class .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find identity pool pools by site pools .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns up to the number of seconds in a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   long
truth:  round   method

test:  return a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  simple function for the user or use an api .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the operator value for the given flavor key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if the service is disabled in the upstart at boot .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   pull
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns path to a package or not .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   packages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  run a list with tasks specified in other .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  null   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the necessary .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  show x .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  show   xml
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  convert an element into the valid registry .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  configures a url to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate age .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a server-side object suitable for debug purposes .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily change module entries in the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving unique elements .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dimension dimension for linux or none .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert a boto3 cpu list into seconds .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  remove all the repeated files .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  remove   call
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: build-user-vars trigger a list of tdes with the site field .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing release .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  search   null
truth:  remove   data

test:  convert tokens to an dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided assessments .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from two location in path .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  logs out the figures and login form .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  set   hook
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse network prefix and return the network ip address .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  formats the source directory to use .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  makes a pseudocolor plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   a
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed windows cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module from a specified package or dictionary .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   return
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base exceptions .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns an instance for a given type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the vlan id and vswicth associated with the specified interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a list of integers in seq[mid] .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the adjacency matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download file from the given file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  attempts to check if module metadata is valid .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  to   selinux
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the index of a string containing a binary string .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  s   s

test:  return the person tag specified by a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   tagvalue
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove files from a remote host to the selected host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dict of player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  parses   parses

test:  helper function that returns the series of the integers n side of n side of n .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  function   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of dicts that can be easily multiple values .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  longest -> str execute a periodic sequence .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a bit to a search_service_pb .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the status number from ratings :return: a tcl of ratings or layer3 a dictionary .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a capabilities list for a capabilities version of a capabilities null character and is its capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  method for the repository and get the applications from plugins .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   install
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : specifier_qualifier_list init_declarator_list semi .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  use paging for a few dyadic command .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   node
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  defines an explorationrights object from the given locations .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  defines   migrate
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns a function that returns certain value of the decorated function .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  returns   feature
truth:  to   decorator

test:  print the field ids to an object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  print   add
truth:  add   add

test:  ensure volume is a container parameters source : config object .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an items of a list of items in the items of the given item map .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   generator

test:  makes json object with letters .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   completion

test:  escape html characters url .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return all valid modules in list passed to the reachable runatload .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  set   s
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of sorted points .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  get   get

test:  perform hostwith enforce .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl config vars .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a random symmetric of installed k pool .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  return   n
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  verifies the due date extension from the student set .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   train
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test push for edit_permission files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   md5sum
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a list of sheds or tuple .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first token of the document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  compute the simple detection function of a vector with recognized coefficients .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  performs   core
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a task .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  given   get
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a formatted message instance based on a specified banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  create   create

test:  give indices along the arrays and block control matrix parameters indices : array the index array to convert returns block : ndarray .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  indices   getitem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a url .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  do   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a logical thinlv from a thin thinlv .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given linear unit function .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  number of multipolar .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named chkconfig service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   add
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for a server .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  get the geometry utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  clears the full path .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  clears   register
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  common code to determine the interval information .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  calls   accepts
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily disconnect a signal on a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger "magic link to given status .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  null   links
truth:  run   run

test:  is the special pattern .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  validate function that converts decimal values to python scale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  function   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the measure position of the positive .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether the current date is verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  to   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of the names and held them .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert a python object to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests for str_choices .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  replace   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a rdbms engine for the specified django engine name .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  scan a block of text from a cleaner from the -v" part of the temporarily .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  scan   checks
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object to a text3d object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  an equation expansion examples .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  return the extension names based on the given name .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  gets a list of po times and returns a list of po objects .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the given html with substitutions .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  return   null
truth:  does   null

test:  sets a single status in a file .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  set   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  get the lvs on a given object and async .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  determine the png png result and return the response .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the index of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the cached challenge to be used for logging .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   return
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log the message usage:: logging .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  fixture that returns a connection object cache the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the binary component of the message .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   target
truth:  turns   null

test:  a decorator for remote file .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  the main handler for the courses tool .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   render
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates untranslated ie .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  restart   frappe
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates a fake service with the given name .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  equivalent to the chance .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  least common multiple .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is abstract by matplotlib/tk .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  create a reduced reduced directories .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  base   vispy
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a setting via the supplied settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  constructs an authsubtoken and sets the uri .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  constructs   wrapper
truth:  finds   null

test:  tests whether a slack # and thus working .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read python a-z connect to a python file .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   processor
truth:  takes   null

test:  resets the random prng .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate our kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist virtual subnet for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return text from a specified number of whitespace characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of services that have a non-geographical .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the points from a number of points .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string containing any character which is an re which is not in the given character hook .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quote the string escaped by string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the rule has specified permissions on the current user and stores the rule as a new one .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fallocate partition size .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  null   disk

test:  applies a subset of properties from an ordered list .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  applies   convert
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  the list of matching folders .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy a temporary file to a destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this function takes a dictionary or list of interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  xml tree to dataset .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  build   strings
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of file names in es .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  return   failure
truth:  get   role

test:  returns a suffix object for the dimension? and stored where encryption values .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external allowing min_size .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing a wheel with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  generate a private uuid for working document .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  format   format

test:  creates and returns the valid post url .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 message .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  return true if target is for the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a vector to a writable file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  issue   event
truth:  test   event

test:  strip leading up to trace from the stack of those characters .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a list of all hosts that are annotating for the given list of hosts cli example: .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets all networks associated with instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  translate a page of the page to be used in the request .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  sums   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns whether we can resize contained within the test suite .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  returns   properties
truth:  check   check

test:  update manifest from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the nzbget sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  encode the given hsub encoded string for python 2 .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  cache a cache or as an desktop of the user about the given path .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  cache   view
truth:  config   config

test:  test the proxy process with old process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  test   check
truth:  create   create

test:  computes the second kind of the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a given unit: gb in the new one .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack 8bit matrix matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  extracts   statistics
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create data to the padding file with the specified name .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo and has sudo and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  a replacement for _get_systemd_os_release_var() .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  null   null
truth:  appends   appends

test:  the html preview of a previewed page .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert all keys in dictionary with keys and values swapped to chop .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the column name from a column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  retrieve a builder key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path of the datadir info of this datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  match an optional url to a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  map   try
truth:  given   a

test:  return a conn object with the passed vm data .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  return   containers
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the currently set of pages .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  run the network adapter .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  run   start
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of a given tree clustering the tree clustering .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data points and an array of lists .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   data
truth:  fft   fft

test:  returns a class object from a module and name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  concatenate the .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  expand   markdown
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  dictionary   like
truth:  like   like

test:  convert unicode data to a specified object .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   x

test:  send the ip for the datastore .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  clean the image call to underscores .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  middleware   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  build system target to the given directory .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array of normally array filled with all diagonal elements .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a boundary node sets for a edge graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the url verification is running for the line .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test qiime with a typo if the variable of variable of qiime or not found .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   flowgram
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test a gtk function .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   estimation
truth:  null   null

test:  check if git version is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   git
truth:  ensure   null

test:  initialize an keyurl profile from a repository based on the contents of a url and turned into a po way .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  reads   function
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loop from loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for django confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the scale where |current_buffer| is coming from digits to lecuyer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  return   definition
truth:  convert   convert

test:  determine whether the given class given class given a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  if   return

test:  integrate lim .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  timestamp function for using an init_declarator_list julian .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  calculates   null

test:  remove the frontend value of a jinja file .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  create shortest shortest paths of except distance from dangerous .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  create   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  json hook that turns input values into json object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  object   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the nbunch of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  creates a tarball from the given string .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of names of schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get output of locate formatted for an true/non-nan formatted cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  output   runs
truth:  known   get

test:  normalized average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the first statement which need to a node in parent node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  simple check to test the test module name .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns calendar metadata fields to the flavor ref ref to the flavor ref .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gives the user has email or mutate mutate the user with given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert the string to a human-readable version .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  record   convert
truth:  separate   null

test:  return a suite for the given function .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return x: function .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  pull   work
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a function signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  pick the children[c] of a list of children[c] classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease fixed from host .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get the entire text file in a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the total time environments for logging .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   close
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate a string from an ip digest .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is the argument .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and options .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  create a test directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  check   path
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   context
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an unicode string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   a
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return a short hash of the given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  path where the file of a directory itself .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  check   function
truth:  link   link

test:  determine if nova library in the system .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert size in plain representation to human readable format .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current bug cli example: .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal central moment / variance**2 - circle-like central 2616 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  null   data
truth:  is   null

test:  test fixture to make sure that general conventions provides a valid pos for general discovery node .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  module   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a scalar operator to the given operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the pids of a process is running under .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  get   get
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a range of strings into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  itemstatus filtered by me .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress the given data and returns the compressed string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the python modules and grains the data into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  given function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a list of all modules that are not have been processed before have been gcd .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   project
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add an environment variable of the standard python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  ensure   create
truth:  return   return

test:  given a <style> zone .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  given   html
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if the request was made against the given request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template into a subclass with a given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the firetv cover .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  concatenate the pointer and can be by-reference .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  override   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close any cached tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   context
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify 2 sequences of float numbers of length 3 into 2 classes using single layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of the units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   works
truth:  null   null

test:  write a string as a normal file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the current movie time player .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  html attributes - the page with a jinja2 .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the role component .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  same email .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  rate   one
truth:  load   data

test:  stop the lamps .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  return true if the given date is a valid python datetime object .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return true if datetime is valid .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence sentence .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds properties for corresponding to bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  generates chi-squared by mean .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  executes   gamma
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new widgets positions .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  creates   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the same arguments to the specified image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scale   scales
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : the detection search function given the geographic constructor .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the specified directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   loops
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of brands when passed brands to set .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  turn a list of model data into a field where each predictor is an array .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write all open files and exits .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  print   a

test:  delete pending changes .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  pending   put
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a class to a valid ip address .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  null   names
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the signal from jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  get the first line of the first word in the split context .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   function
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a bson database .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its fullname .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   projects
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check for valid email to see if at least one or not .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  detect if the valid bluetooth pythonpath is non-zero .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   configuration

test:  modifies the namespace mask for all functions .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  populate   greyscale
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack root driver for all drivers that are present in the received .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  updates volume types with volume data .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   volume

test:  return the amount of idle time until the user is running .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  return   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  project0 drive empirical components of a pair of points in fitresult[ format .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show the messages .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  normalize   warning
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the name of the given ['junos .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  look up the value for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  null   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a specific auth server .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  only return the parameter and the boolean true if the boolean values are series of values set .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generates the cookie for the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  return   user
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a bootstrap linux container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  run a cuda path to the server .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  run   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the memory usage in the background .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  find the prefix length in a string if it is dispatching .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  find   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single subresultant cycle / cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  compute   set
truth:  update   a

test:  mount up the location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the thumbnail image is a thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  assert all impact bars to long str .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  source   parse
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the string representation of a connection type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  same as hex .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  takes   replaces
truth:  convert   binary

test:  repeat repeat generator for a list of numbers .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of nodes which are dominating .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the entire sample of the last modified token .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   one
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a random uniform uniform uniform for the vectors to random .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  return   luhn
truth:  null   distribution

test:  decode json representation of json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  evaluate   class
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front group group group group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the screen go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  strips all indented in the given string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  seconds   key
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating socket object .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  tsdb command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   sets
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via repository id and metadata .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   repository
truth:  return   a

test:  return the modules home directory .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  turns   python
truth:  import   a

test:  test if the bayesian number of bayesian parameters .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that symbols even if possible .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  defines arma process for binary manageable .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generates   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save an email by email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  finds   course
truth:  enroll   a

test:  groups groups with listed in the listed forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path as a valid path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to execute a commit command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the given document with all comments .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  updates   sending
truth:  update   update

test:  return whether the given system memory is enabled .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get stc constants from a sinusoidal .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  add a new request to the location .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  add   command
truth:  return   return

test:  install all conda processes .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  set the locale setting of the category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  return the url for the given admin url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit fit plots .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  fit   one
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  perform one or more messages in the chain of the given module .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  if   check

test:  for new user .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  validate a string is an address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  strip html character codes from html .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove rvm ['reinstall' ruby the given ruby ruby the prepare to be no .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates that the data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  sets the test mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api dispatcher for advanced repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  converts   callback
truth:  to   api

test:  only draw data for git .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return a valid sqs dict from a sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  return the closing matrix from the qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the value passed in the input function .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  project   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  this function is called by the controlpoints .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  remove macros .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  duplicate   method
truth:  look   null

test:  expected simple_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend reports with '[dry]' as build .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   fingerprint
truth:  null   null

test:  read messages from the bulk jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  default   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpu in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the graded properties .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an arbitrary name of a standard name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  workaround for objects .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no longer function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this function returns a finder of the provided word dict with the salt spaces .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a askdirectory .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate a validator that doesnt exist .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  mark   function
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: execute a test on a test to notification .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  send   send

test:  get all filters .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  produce a warning for the option decorator .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  hook   hook

test:  call function for linking to handle stdin .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return the attributes of an object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get cache and associated with a cache queue .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  url   information
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  if an auth url is present .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  validates a graph or querygroup that validates an existing graph with all users receiving .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  return uniform linear system the output linear system the input shape .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns the given tree representing a tuple of int representing nodes that are int .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  insert a list of existing categories into the items dictionary .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  helper method for adding html to a list of variables .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  null   html
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert a byte-stuffed metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  get a list of users that are valid .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a specific virtualserver cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert an object into an internal python data structure .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add a field definition into the selected select .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  called   null

test:  return the number of combinations of n times .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a app label .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  to   a
truth:  take   a

test:  the compute class that manage the given kwargs .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  function   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new return information cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  block   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a pennies waiting to the unix readable format .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  null   price

test:  list the equivalence of a qpointf .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper to generate a number of network size .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  computes the subresultant magnitude of a %s distribution .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : lparen uminus rparen .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  formats datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service abort section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   service

test:  turn a list of strings into an expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  landing   view
truth:  default   default

test:  starts a viewed server .
truth: map command . 
test:  reads   event
truth:  command   command

test:  disable one or more action instances .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   remove
truth:  handle   irc

test:  expands selection of the standard deviation .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional function used to support views .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  given a vpc id or name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  send line at xml files out of monkey-patching source .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  handle   messages
truth:  return   message

test:  if the mock scale is raised as :py:class:unicode .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  vectorized   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  if f is valid .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  null   update
truth:  create   create

test:  add an authentication that can be sent to the api .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  download all the benchmark urls from the benchmark .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the specified user key and splitting along the specified range .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the pager that contains the new pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  clean   text
truth:  null   null

test:  get current database connection pool for this deployment .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  warning warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   return
truth:  issue   a

test:  in two or more file paths .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the given quickmarks .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   asserts
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create an energy .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  test modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  correct   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  return fqdn for user roles cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  code common setting url .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  code   return
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can construct a mean from an dist[ .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  mean   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the name of the file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the policy for the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached to the of the trail was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the gradient and port for a particular host .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  register a class to be added or the abstract class of the abstract command line options to add the abstract class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get pull request list github_api : existing response body : existing request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   callback
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  only call the password provided .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  format   format

test:  apply the available metric dictionary and save it to the left .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  initializes   admin
truth:  null   null

test:  return file extension .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get the windows source of the system cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  poll the relative path of a list of trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  let   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method to save a user for testing .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses a compiler file of its arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  show the config files and pkcs115_sigscheme .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a task to the queue .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  converts a string or an integer to unicode .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns a lambda function representing a predicate that preserves into a tgrep2 .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  return a valid invalid 193 .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles the reset password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  change the expression plus python expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  return the index of a path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  get a chain of parent components by the final component .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  get   print
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  loads and dataset .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  opens   add
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the string representation of the html x[' into a human readable format .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  used   function

test:  get the top-level editor for locations .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create rpc object for a bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of pathnames .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction must be .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes and flushes without delay a text in the console .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute cross-talk source with rescale .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  null   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  create a string of length n from a binary string .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  remove the given parameter parameters from the list of parameters that are marked as defined by the given parameter .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  extract   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pid of a process instance .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  translation for translation mode .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  access   handler
truth:  adds   new

test:  the highstate python object as one that do not already exist .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  null   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dict containing environment variable .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the sign if the given finite is oo .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  shorthand for fed .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  does   check
truth:  pick   pick

test:  when there is no concurrency with failed .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  model   a

test:  sets the value of the dictionary keys in the setting .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  sets   key
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the default image name on a hipchat image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove all playlists and provided playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   updates
truth:  starts   null

test:  filters all arguments and type .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  encodes   stack
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  fix for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  project   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns a new modules .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  undo   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies intersecting information about a intersecting dataframe based on its mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  create   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the fastcommentedheader doesnt try to use and newlines are data .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a replacement for the string in the range .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates a directed graph of the graph g to and all edges of the graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  check if the entire domain works .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a 410 output .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if we are using windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return my over all outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  toggle   a
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a key file and return its contents .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along the histogram histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check if user is part of a rpc method .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  a dummy view for adding a json request .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  serve   request
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether a checker looks like the checker looks like the checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   enable
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  returns   vpc
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load the application instance .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a correctly escaped for the given frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  return   http
truth:  null   frame

test:  the expression clickable utility method uses a list of engformatter args: value: : a string representing the number of weighted characters returns: a list of lists of lists of weighted
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  list   list

test:  query points in a cassandra cluster if its keyspaces or four examples .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  query   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get text added in the document added documentation .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   expand
truth:  find   find

test:  install a package with the current system .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a new index cipher .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  index   index

test:  return an ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  return true if the given user has been added to the strings in cron .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   list
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  assume   decorator
truth:  null   replacement

test:  hash the ip address and verify if the given ip address is in_progress .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print the current code .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a tuple of the given group .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  returns   pull
truth:  parse   data

test:  return the version of the sdk by parsing the version string to initialize the yaml file and the version of the version used .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate a color passed in color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of dictionary in old [{'source' .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  raises an existing configuration .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  create a m-search package in the project .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  create   return
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  return   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  method to get the given response name from the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  alias for bench .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait until a client has been set .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  query   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  returns image metadata for image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  see compatibility .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  parse iso8601 output from the same way as a generator .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are a same url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   display
truth:  if   checks

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string using its mime base64 .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a python object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the x01 distance between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform or cosine-type transform f(k) = a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a number of bytes from google storage .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the fraction from a string .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   access
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing attribute of the graph g from a attribute graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  read   attribute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the supplied object with a valid member or tuple of variables .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  util versions of two categorical values parameters m : int .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  null   product

test:  makes a usable element from text .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  makes   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  determine the partition controller for a partition .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  determine   works
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the sokal-sneath distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensures that negotiating back to their own * removing children of one line .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  ensures   action
truth:  null   python

test:  return list of subprocess values of the git available property of the git command .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read data from a np .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   inverse
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one variables .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a 'horizontalshift' shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  calls history .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of user results .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  run   security

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets the default finalizers for event side .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function to convert a string with any data .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the restful handler for instructor and unpolarify requests .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return whether value is non-empty and html strings .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through available ids .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a handler to be called via celery for a class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  remove all containers from the specified container count .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  remove   containers
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compile compile for two subjects strings so that it can be expressed and a line number of the syntax add the fields .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return a boolean if path exists on the return true .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all the sql files in a particular range .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  get all swap blocks from the receive blocks .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   a

test:  show inbound input -- the user to a logged in .
truth: get slug . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students info grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   student
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for plotly .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  function   null
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create the private sample ids based on the given sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a new slice xml by imageidfield dict .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   like

test:  helper function for displaying contours .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   create
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  return a relevant lock for some given file and enumerate .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  return   null
truth:  caches   caches

test:  helper function to output a regular expression .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  function   python
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function which up two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  wrap a deferred with a deferred and returns the result as a deferred .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  see   null

test:  code for failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key for a scripts endpoint .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test drawing rank for samples at time-step design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  tests   num
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the name of a view file for the test run .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that timestamp is of the number of int .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  decorator to set the given response name in the response hierarchy .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  takes a list of variables of a sequence with values .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list where all ellipsoidal of payoffs from multiple pieces of payoffs .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap server names start with vlan if available .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a directory is installed and return its name .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts unicode to a python object .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the directory of this module .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get all the info files .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  mock requests to get a function object which is only available to be used as serving .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  explicit decorator .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the main operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   operation

test:  compare git files in a path .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  disable   tox
truth:  return   a

test:  determine a traditional-style class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   schedule
truth:  set   set

test:  describe an object as status .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  decorator to temporarily change the given pickle and dump it to a file .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  function   need
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  validate for a latex rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the ip address from a raw family .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the object is a break of the given object .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create named route for a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the available variables in current process .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  print   print
truth:  testing   testing

test:  redirect to have the given asset asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  setup the global ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip decorator that skips test in the lms test and only if the function is true .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http server code is an int .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to a pep timezone cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  update the cache group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  update   project
truth:  if   null

test:  the labelarray .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  show the translated language for the given language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  detect   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long line candle .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   line
truth:  block   block

test:  test invalid event validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  run   build
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the given list of modules are assigned .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  if   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  helper method to get rid of m2-repository-cleanup .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  null   search
truth:  output   output

test:  plists may have key for the key .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  have   null

test:  implement indexing with a seqty implementation .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign signature from string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves single group by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  provide a dict of item metadata for the given item .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  provide   filter
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  internal routine to run a function .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  function   function

test:  send the value of all items in list with terms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  fixture   convert
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota method of a router cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   information
truth:  update   a

test:  returns a dict containing the filenames of a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the configured grains of documents and create a nicer cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the windows-configured timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output print output to the show version .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   show
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that datetimes are accepted .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator for bare oserror view return value of the notification objects .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return module path if python script is given .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  module   return
truth:  return   return

test:  internal parsing exits exits exits exits .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   usage
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a valid timer object .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set to specific or specified services .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   intersection
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for import tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  create a map of metadata from id or map .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  create   metadata
truth:  set   metadata

test:  v_1 decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  takes   test
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the point from each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a matrix as a turned of messages .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a module to export with specified name .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  create   new
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for which the specified host is installed .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the data filter in the given data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  calculate the time_str for the given rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  compute   image

test:  compute the gradient gradient of a dense variable .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of instantiating side of instantiating side
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return the review widget for the review board widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  return   widgets
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   add
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert a file size in bytes into the format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   file
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  helper function to create a quota volume from gluster storage .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  function   render
truth:  list   quotas

test:  helper for metatype .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  a simple helper method to retrieve the values of port .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   google

test:  transform all unicode returns the addrequest structure for the given table .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  module   s
truth:  if   null

test:  randomly rewrite unless it has exactly contained within the same session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of available windows packages cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a theano function that returns endog if it is a sequence of nodes in the interval .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  null   regression

test:  set up the designated main section of all dictionaries .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns the assignment for the course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for image details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  a neighbor of second variables .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   type
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object to the given rpc based on its memory .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes media type of all of the given resource which have been deleted .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  store   store

test:  read matlab contents from data .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  read   duplicates
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a wheels directory using no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using ascii85 .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  encode   method
truth:  to   method

test:  return a list of keyword strings .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  return   json
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  allow a sphinx resolve to the standard output .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  if   null

test:  encode the message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  encode   test
truth:  output   a

test:  returns an instance to the public ip address .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   stop
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  evaluate two or the prefixes from a diff tree at the optimizers entries from the other linux tree .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  resolves and instantiates a attributes by a skipped namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolves   options
truth:  resolve   a

test:  idcount the named image name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  update   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an instance of iterator .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  mark   check
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified cron variable is absent on the specified container name : string path to the container mask only the specified cron process that the container parent default:
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a graph matching the given graph class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  make   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the opkg message for the specified iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  return   up
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the first tags in two strings .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   latex
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets the name of the current directory .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  fatemans fatemans implementation of a polynomial .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is the function that returns the current time in seconds .
truth: run some function . 
test:  is   a
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the swiss public transport sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list the native flocker-volume contents into the python process .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a users home directory .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list all the floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  allocate   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path where a project has a project .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   file
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   bind

test:  create a message for the specified application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop everything that was started .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a new session is created via a session .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the string from the right hook .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  display a skeinlayered start with the splodge dialog .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  craft   a

test:  move symlinks or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the arithmetic float element in the given iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract tweets from a file to csv files .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  allocated   update

test:  allocate a datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  allocates   null

test:  direct checkpoint for cluster codes in checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  function   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that creates a generator of timeseries data .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  array   generator
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns a clip from the given color and standard color .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict with specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that x_squared_norms matrix returns the maximum ward .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply two terms with equal == 1 .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  get qubit resources which match the current tag path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test that were previously set and were used to compare an icon link in the modules that were assigned .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   test

test:  wrap a user name from available attributes .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  wrap   functions
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  fires distances for each feature .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  forces   gradient
truth:  labels   labels

test:  decorator that records that contains a dict of optional keys .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an image from the cluster and cache the whole byterange .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the function size of the expression .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a bytes[ floating point tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  stop the cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return the current client from the proper client data locally create folder in the path of the server path for saving or file .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  return   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command cmd in a remote host .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generator function that isnt a collection of data from a list of data data .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   connection
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  uses zip submission of campaigns and creates a zip submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string and returns a handle to chop notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring conversion .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously saved indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   increment
truth:  set   set

test:  return all volumes usage that were last usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register a cached registry for a category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  wrap   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a digital filter of length x .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  null   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns abbreviated parameter of a url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the metadata defined in the settings .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete the user usage information .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  for a specified biom table by specified biom .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  name   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse state function .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the locale name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test average pooling .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate gradient squared stochastic .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   string
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common absolute path if common element is in common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the output of the wsgi intercept .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  host   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the request using the request level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return information about a conda file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  set discrete and 5 discrete modjk variable with a given model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  set   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  if   null

test:  install and configure completed to the cluster widget .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is file-like formatted auth .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a half away from a compound .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   round
truth:  null   null

test:  validate that value is none and int .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the subtitle video filter .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  get information about the project by looking at path .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  get   get
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given patterns matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  ensure the preferred djangoapps name is unicode .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  ensure   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the restful handler for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  the script script when scripts are appending .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  null   npm
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  handler for on_key_press text uploads by gid .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  deletes a blob from a blob .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  joins an path to a base directory .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  joins   git
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a console version string into something that isnt used .
truth: format sys . 
test:  convert   sets
truth:  format   sys

test:  return an array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  launches a raw backoff .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   cmd
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  compare a strategies client to perform the desired version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set drive permissions for the parent directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   owner
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sets the value of the session to use a keyboard value .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a userstory points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   expr
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  publish a list of exploration ids .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  handle   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  return a normalized version of two n-d .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show the source box for the contribution .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return the total content of the input along the given axis .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for tls change current context .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  determine if server is using the specified cloud .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the search view that returns the search callback .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return true if *obj* is a numpy array .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the devicezones from another device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  sorts   function
truth:  null   device

test:  split a memcache object in permission to the memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  split   new
truth:  reads   a

test:  reload of logs in the temporary directory of a given file .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get an item from script config dictionary .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  natural product of players for the black order of x parameters x : int number of combinations .
truth: given data x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   data

test:  return the pid of the given pid cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the recursively list of specified student .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  loads   add
truth:  run   run

test:  list-running interface for reinit .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  get   set
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  a helper function that has a single int .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  receives   pause
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  check the directory name .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  check   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the rpc .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  abort a setting delayed if it makes sure the current environment .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  access   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  takes a list of tuples from a schema dict .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if and only if the worker is pending .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  if   return
truth:  create   create

test:  list all installed nodes .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the query for the reverse url .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attached implementation of cached method calls .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the index of the maximum of an array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  used   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if responses allow you to compute the responses of responses to this ccx .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  if   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return unicode string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  call   str

test:  main function to main function .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  factor a quadratic area to convert a beam integer .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  converts   password
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the given palette is color by a palette to dynamically .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  ensure   print
truth:  produces   a

test:  creates a vfs file in a directory .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the volumes .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check if certain that we can return if this field is of any of the form calls to preserve a certain field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save and endcodes errors .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return logged_in_users information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  edit   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the detect service for every service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   service
truth:  set   set

test:  return the value corresponding to the np .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  median median of valid line .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dict of table attributes .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an opcode to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   a

test:  add the system groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  add   y

test:  gets a valid country calling metadata for the specified region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the platform name of the python children/threads .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register a event priority priority .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  set the system widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert data to a set of docker variables .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  get   wmt

test:  error page with list of invitation templates .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a files metadata as a native file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  generate   set
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the 'graph' of the graph g from 'graph' .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  get a babel unicode representation of locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of expression or qexpr back into qexpr .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  split   split

test:  creates an entry field with the given name .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the push command partition .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  this function is used as a -tuple environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the post text of text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  replaces   text
truth:  null   part

test:  build os-dependent lun id for the specified provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   set
truth:  builds   null

test:  compress a tarball of a given archive containing one of the vm .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  get   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  this will return the right standard percentage with total percentage based on the data .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  search   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a copy of a phonenumber distribution with its specified length .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  builds   use
truth:  build   a

test:  add a module .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   mark
truth:  set   set

test:  verify whether the hadoop is stage of the given hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run before jndi .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  watch   a
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the resource in the current axes # from the file system .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  skip test if redis fails parameters svd : array of data to be run .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device cli example: .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  open   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  generate an application hash of the encryption hash and prefix .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears internal caches .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   multiple
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing and should return [] when debugger and some enabled .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generates a random string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that the given exception doesnt have a turned into the supplied exception message after the supplied exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   port
truth:  fail   null

test:  decorator to handle various profile" calls func with love .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  recursively remove all tests in the directory .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a dotted attribute path based on its path and return it .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu vertical gradient with respect to input variables .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  function   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  mock unicode names to constant encoded string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  unicode   decode
truth:  null   functions

test:  load the mapper .
truth: main program . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  null   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  check that attribute input validation .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the set s to one in g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the package that would be loaded .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verifies that number is using number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  -   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the line graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a filename to use for this module .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create scaling on scaling labels .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  create   stubs
truth:  if   url

test:  return whether obj represents a changed object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function: back reference = 0 .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   f
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  return true if given can be an executable square .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the specified dynamodb dynamodb value from a python object .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  take   a

test:  take a line of the underlying text titles and newline trailing weights .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  return   text
truth:  split   a

test:  test whether expr is an expression or not .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  function   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create a directory of a user .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of }/api/datasources' .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return an expensive function .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  create   paths
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a collection of supported bus and the supported service path .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a path to csv file based on the existing directory .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  null   csv
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  create   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract a json file from a json string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds memcache to new threadpool .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate the the real at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  generate   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the nma component .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a plain tree .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  convert numbers into datetime instance or division .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   stack
truth:  convert   integer

test:  change cache storage for the input data .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  cache   information
truth:  load   item

test:  check if the given package has at least one of the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of lock ids to lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  analyze   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version from the number of google api service version .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is an instance of obj .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate application error to the application error for the identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  create the dynamic path of the specified package .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  spawns a function or beacon the result of a result with a result .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  calls   call
truth:  run   a

test:  returns export stats for project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  wraps   storage
truth:  stats   stats

test:  return a image specified by image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  delete   a

test:  generate hook from html .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  hook   null
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts an environment string to a key/value environment .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   float
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable all missing rules on the firewall .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deprecate -> str prevent .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  array   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds initial state to the context .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  check the current report report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  check   view
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether line is being passed to the logs not correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  unset the worker to generate a queue .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  converts a volume id to a dict .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  converts an array to an array of arrays the value of an array .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   method
truth:  load   load

test:  scores' scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  takes ofp_desc_stats from a list of character .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that it gets turned into method before or after it gets turned into method .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  return the factory to get an object from a datetime .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  null   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the given xblock has been removed .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of file names from a given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  null   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  run makefile in mask of the user .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  run   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of all nodes and what lvm version cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   a

test:  create / fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create best difference between the given data format and delete the data .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the network to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  check a string to the limit of each character in the data .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  ascii   function
truth:  null   method

test:  send the process to the given pid using the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product product dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  derive mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the jid is a valid jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an ansi usage file for a yaml cluster usage .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  get   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  decorator for timelinereturn api call .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks whether field usage: usage: .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  do   check
truth:  return   return

test:  the data is a method .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   handler

test:  check if a bad argument is ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a new session .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  random random string .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  gets the slice type and formats its currently displayed into something .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds a system url to a url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  adds   input
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  the utility that gets the right sub-types of a given start .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a list of tags from list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  run an executable command .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  tests   runs
truth:  null   interface

test:  return domain name from the exported code .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   split
truth:  null   example

test:  return url to the classpath bundle directory .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  compress   directory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return all available perl files found on the system .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the current c{str} should be linkified .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  null   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return a list of end_ref specified in the system .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return options used for the rawfile_json options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an action .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if current container names have a point tagged into the xpath table .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  if   null
truth:  split   split

test:  helper function for coefficient .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  function   apply
truth:  get   row

test:  bounds filter using an n-dimensional array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  joins arrays along the axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  helper function for creating a trace in the specified logs .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  function   input
truth:  input   input

test:  returns link .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  get   get

test:  install images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  install   greyscale
truth:  function   function

