test:  reorder the cramer suite for a i .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the tpotregressor probes works as expected and triggers the model .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach voters boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add paths based on a theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess the template file based on a conda template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  cast an component to an salt://_returners .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  fixed   paths
truth:  convert   path

test:  return a copy of the files with test data .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by as resource as a resource .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost policy via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add minimum grid to grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  add   add
truth:  get   get

test:  write a gnu triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  cleave   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  create a test unless this function is provided .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  takes   step
truth:  null   method

test:  program an action callback for a vcs operator .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  defines   occurrences
truth:  if   path

test:  request to have entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  a fixture to change the init config to this fixture to run current test class .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator to cause a method to be recorded .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  given a truncated time string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  given   parses
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to '/results/' id given a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  yield nodes in the order given a breadth-first expression .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  new user groups and background groups for the given target .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  use   return
truth:  process   process

test:  try to idictionaries the current "yes" and the response types from studio? .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   a

test:  python2 decodes a unicode string to unicode .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  escape   a

test:  compute an image onto a theano scalar x .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  makes   y_in
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the specified register key is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the current index which is true .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   array
truth:  indices   indices

test:  logs out user authentication session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  clean up anything and match spaces in xml .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  clean   attributes
truth:  fix   line

test:  n325 - dont use assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a string using a search character .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   method
truth:  split   split

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a response from a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a requesttypes linked to a google error .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  request   request

test:  calculate the time slice slice for a number of coming now .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  train disambiguate or false for a subset of "deep .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a uniform partially matched crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  invert a list of vlc elements from sequence .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the precomputed number of available status .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute a length or trim strings .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  check   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  escape validation and build a match patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  build   a

test:  the main method of this script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to task .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  start   start

test:  compares the total sample sizes for a given target .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  taken   binary
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns the configuration object for the current machine .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the value for the post .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  function   default
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a helper for defining callback .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  callback   option
truth:  defines   null

test:  given a link value .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  checks   replaces
truth:  if   check

test:  list haproxy socket haproxy .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   server
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  like parsing .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file server on the remotes .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  a helper function to parameters of predefined .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  store a user instance and then stores its contents .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task context is visible .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the nth covariance term .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   null
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a string from a list of strings .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  search   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  reset all configured tests and fix the task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  return the indices of the factorial distribution parameters x : str or array_like .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value of the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence to a string .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replaces unwanted exit code from the system .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  null   display
truth:  shuts   null

test:  the required version of module version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   version

test:  format an object and class to a dateutil .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  format   options
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  logging   reboot
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  given a list of loaded random variables .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup whereroutein for mismatched .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   remove
truth:  enable   enable

test:  randomly create password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  password   password
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the directory where all the data is located .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  a decorator for setting the user requests error handling .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  null   api

test:  download the first execution of the function .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  view   download
truth:  run   run

test:  turn a warning representation into another instance .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the python packages for a given sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a valid slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault for a file .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the percentage of the next internet .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  check   return
truth:  turn   a

test:  check that object is a valid domain object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   like
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert the native sets contents to a set object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  uses the dominating dominated to compute the dominating dominated from a given dominating dominated of all nodes in the graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  compute a binary structure of an image .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  connected   remove

test:  this returns the url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable all the instance on opennebula .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract the current option and merge it into a directory .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  disconnect a userdata .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  encodes   convert
truth:  set   x

test:  return the partition of tokens as a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the name of the measurements of the given name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  get the list of all available fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download and list of hadoop installation .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  download   output
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_explicit_no_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates and returns a dynamic wtforms .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a file path to a file path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   windows
truth:  if   null

test:  delete all objects .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  release   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if a port can be done by a port number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph g in edge .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  creates and save prebuild for all evennia .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  process   fn
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  traverse a class to assign a nfunc spec .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  return the path to the user-specific config file .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tenant service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  return   media
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a str .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  if the user is an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  returns the on the system path .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create legend rule that was done on a page .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  create   show
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:subprocess .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  active modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a string after the length of the given number .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get pickled object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  get   alias
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  get a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  get   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  replace all formatting of the latex .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  replace   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  prints our <{col title and prints it for printing .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  print   server
truth:  display   display

test:  set the default time to the system .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   time
truth:  update   update

test:  given a n*m .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  calculates   run
truth:  given   a

test:  try to handle sensors around an object name .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  helper function to write job to invalid key .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ipv6 group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore the spider .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns an iterator that yields the dependencies of the given plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  ensures that an exploration exploration will be valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that returns certain snippet is clever enough to identify groups within no quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the task class .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a datetime object to the format based on the configuration file .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of lowering nodes that are assigned to the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  returns   connectivity
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match the given subset .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cylindrical convex for a fiff .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   append
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  write the given stream to standard output file .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  write   a
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config config for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  make   override
truth:  override   override

test:  equivalent to a given route name .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  make sure installing from svn works .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  make   test
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  creates a list of very [1]_ .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a set of dependent tuples .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  be   returns
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  fix the apps under a given package cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  svn   export
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a matrix of theta from a square matrix .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a filedescriptor polynomial in something .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   returner
truth:  sync   sync

test:  dont import the required formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  evaluate   task
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an email from an email save it to a registered email save .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  to   return
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the object contained in the object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a value to a profile .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  null   parameters

test:  initialize a database in defaults .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  initialize   method
truth:  to   null

test:  compute x and its reachable matrix .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  compute   wrap
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert an array to np .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the translation directory for the current thread .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  override   override

test:  fetch the list of json files from s3 .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  fetch   generate
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wrap variables into changesets .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   calls
truth:  null   functools

test:  update the esxcli command line from the host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  update   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: screenshot abort the ability to provide in screenshot for a build without entering the jenkins of your sharing plugin <github+pull+request+builder+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace all urls in a list with unix tags .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns an appropriate tristate of the given cstringo .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  reduce   null

test:  returns the callable used by the current mongodb .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  null   psutil

test:  returns a radom random string .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of python template names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  search   expand
truth:  searches   python

test:  show the named broadcast as a json string representation number of named media .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove the slice header .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return the normal_ordered_form: .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if there are any duplicate elements that have more than one .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to combines xenapi signature .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   function
truth:  serializes   a

test:  given a specific scene name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wait until a function has ipmi or optionally timeout seconds see items .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  extract a javascript javascript pipeline and all appropriate urls for each page .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  extract   urls
truth:  returns   a

test:  send an email to the given step .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  sends   i
truth:  email   email

test:  the template tag for each template in the theme .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  null   path
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in for graph g from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  return a variable or filepath with floatx floatx variable this will read the floatx variable of variable length .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   diff
truth:  casts   a

test:  set the given optino groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  creates a new action in the cidr acl returns a dict .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  with colorless table q}[x_0 .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the value for the entities java .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   tag
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the document with enough revision being saved .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  block   a
truth:  return   a

test:  merge plugin previously registered plugin facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test adding any 'eth to the 'eth .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  random that pops or update the constants .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a set of groebner levels .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  return the rabin-miller for dense zwietering on the diagonal .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a version of the colour-coding header and return a list of the *accept* header .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  if user is an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test the simple widget when hovering over a link .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   a
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  add two objects for a calendar based on the first one .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  add   count
truth:  persists   new

test:  check main loop for adding a main loop to protocols .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  if   path
truth:  determine   a

test:  stratifiedvalidationshufflesplit the pidfile file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of the netstat and their status .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the stemmer for the top documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the query changesets are trusted for the db api .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the first item of arrays as a list .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a list of tags to tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove an externally file from the destination subsystem .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return path to the current sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  return   test
truth:  get   sys

test:  the packbitstmp packbitstmp method .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a file from a filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a dict of plugins in all loaded plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  media media range .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a binary string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prints a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  render document .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  combine   module
truth:  to   null

test:  get the device name for a device .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the count of an array in a set of .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified value .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  renders an alert snippet for a rotation window .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the supplied string to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects of db .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  loads additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  just test for url .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  ensure   entry
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the function spec for a class .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  iterate   returns
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a generic transform with the same arguments .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  find   a
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  return a 304 200 since returning library and report any skill .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  if the translation sets a translation .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse the given argument string or return the list of the trees in lookup .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  parse   implementation
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns all firstentryineachforcelistpairmustbeapointorframe groups from a list of global expressions .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that an image is raised when the expected color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  check that a dataset has any existing transport .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  check   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a dictionary of model instances which have the given specific compact .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a directory to the path to the directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  exceptionsdef power configuration from buffer .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  parses spectrum back into an first .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the theano validation function indicate that the sequence of expressions is not like .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given the python modules below the package and its subpackages .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get information about the provider object .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a sequence of bytes into a long integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  read   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute disk statistics that are running on a given node .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to be created .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  moves   null

test:  read in the syntax of a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  read   sentiment
truth:  run   a

test:  utility function to apply an object to a specified list .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  stop watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   start
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the maximum database for the given pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists on a specific user and if a query exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all alarm events that has not been acknowledged .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  pass me a config .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  pass   units
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the transaction manager and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   response
truth:  changes   changes

test:  perform a hold pixel .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decide which successive n-sized sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  find contributors and contributors in contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  test   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make test access via admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the modules vertexes and the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a timezone string and returns a timezone aware datetime or [+-][0-9](s)? string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate nodes of nodes in a directory .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  return   sequences
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario will have a step result .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  check if a cluster is enabled .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   role
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert v to theano version .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  turns   return
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert an integer to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  given a sequence .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  given   return
truth:  null   null

test:  send a upgrade event to the upgrade page .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  send   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a list of numbers to hex references specs .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  translates the python separate code to a string .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if user is deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  delete a user from the system via the set of binary dependencies .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  lists   enable
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  apply a project directory to a new versions for the new user .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  for the config file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get equation for cylindrical radius .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a path to the canonical .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write all the files and have a constants of the given file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  write   null
truth:  update   head

test:  recursively generate sass directories to include all the standard deviation .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   list

test:  just like socket .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a default template for the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns whether the given key should be used to binary .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns an otu generator for each otu entry .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  this page lists all automatic os installation and link to the user .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns all files in the parent directories .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted module given its full path and return the resulting object .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 string .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source : the capability to install .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add pixels to the dictionary['x'] assets .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return the volume name for a given *individuals* .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  find   null
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator to all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  call   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a package in order to be run as a reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   undo
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  the restful handler for course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  null   method
truth:  obtains   null

test:  check if a cookie is a later .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return dictionary of containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return clonespec snapshot .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : byte string convert a byte string to a long byte string .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  check the original modified key values to use in a original set .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects text in the syntax of a file .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  text   crud
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the vigenere of a matrix beta .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a string to use for a given module number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture to provide a window for tests .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  to   code
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  returns the list of all items in the selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  query   a

test:  delete a volume from the given datacenter .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that an elemwise gpu lines are properly expects to float32 we also gpu lines .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   kinds

test:  authenticate execution endpoint for server function: clients files that has an active discovery .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  complete   handler
truth:  is   null

test:  check the file for the given directory and returns the name of the file named filename .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a count of valid item and return the interpreted .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  output   a
truth:  create   lhs

test:  given two numbers .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  given   merge
truth:  function   function

test:  creates metadata .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  normalized average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flow   flow

test:  write all the data files to a pcap .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to change a valid template_name .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  to   string
truth:  null   a

test:  which type is not empty .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a collection to the collection of objects .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  split   up

test:  return the system groups .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a url is a link to the specified url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flattens a list of lists into a new list .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  setup platform component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return virtual name of the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test reading data .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  takes a json['definitions'][ cli example: .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  callback rankvals encoding based on 3 urllib .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  tie   correction

test:  get the scan color of a scan under the "!pkl:" engine id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  update text from the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   null
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize the canonicalized absolute path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  internal helper method to create an ssh function .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the total neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch using ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convenience function to create timer numbers that are the same nan .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   name
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a given regular expression to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  perform a friendly tree on the raw tree .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two lists of a and b .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the configuration option to use .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns a list of required state for the specified project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply the dictionary of django values of a dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a python object .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  to   null

test:  create a dictionary of dicts that an ordered object .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  display circular font font .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  decrypt   ip
truth:  displays   a

test:  return true if user is blobs to use for a group of metadata .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the named snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  header named sample lines where self is a list of reverse-sorted is a drawing table for drawing .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  header   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  get the icon text for the passed list .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  get   form
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the environment used to process an modules within the same state .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  if any image is committed on the filesystem .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  process   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper to get string .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the color function at x .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  test rasterization for image .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a subscription on subscription that the given user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  scans the stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  close the beginning .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   index
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users password cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  change   change
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that the list of acceptable duplicated is not equal to the given axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  list the states which are not running .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  send   install
truth:  sends   a

test:  dummy view that is requested with get and accesses .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  file   null
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking a wait of the state functions .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  the os .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the cpu is available on this system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the average targets for a tensor .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on solaris .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns a formatted instance of a given module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a document and returns the resulting document .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  stores items in the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  stores   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  the information items within xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  add   null
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  checks the named rule for the given method is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensures   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns json representation of stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  to   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  make   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  return the git object .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  returns a list of responses based on a particular dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the value of a proxy device .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the l{long} described by default .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata from a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  given the translates translates from the index of a list of correlation input input array .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  given   transforms
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection of collections for a dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the height x ratio of a given number of tiles each step ratio to height .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   compute
truth:  get   a

test:  accuracy classification loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate config .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  return   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a row .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  select   return
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  enable authentication key for being used in configurator .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return file mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  file   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse out the raw api response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a default block instance .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  creates   like
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role based on the recursively .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  return the description of an image .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split the nodes parameters .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  split   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a date .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  listen   checksum
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can tokenize expressions .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update the given grid grid .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  update   function
truth:  null   a

test:  convert py3 into v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  convert   default
truth:  open   playlists

test:  retrieve a node .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  look   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  produce   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if filename is a valid python framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  save the generation .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  modify   try
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  get a new observer value .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of names which are in the same targets as twisted .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an instance of an instance instance_id cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  retrieve all the number of objects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a sanitized cpu time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a : string into a mac address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the user has the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument to be escaped by stripping .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a requests requests cli example: .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check that the response is a particular response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  null   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a negative array or table parameters table : str or table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test capacity descriptor to skip test database with a get_absolute_url() set .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the current user .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   style

test:  returns external domain name for the product .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the name of the system .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of dead jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  adds an auth to the new auth backend .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compose docker channel .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  create   create

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  mock   mocks
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find all files in a given directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the release is an release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the importer .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  define   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create ec2 folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  computes array of samples at x 10 .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  validate that the versioned resource type is not available .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert napalm length into inside forms .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  call the selected slices on a dataset .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  call   binary
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialize pathname for pathname .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  removes   configure
truth:  create   create

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  is   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  return the name of a file .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  to   split
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return all users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  create and link to the given url urls for urls .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a checksum keys are start with identical tables .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call a function with an asynchronous operation .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a return true if the given string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  equivalent of a python string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serializes an object to disk .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return the binary for the linux flag .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the supplied key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  counts the total average of data .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to true for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the python reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  install   a
truth:  start   start

test:  return the node id of the given environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   null
truth:  context   context

test:  ensure that a class is an instance of a python type or unset if the value is well a class .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a python file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  filter   get
truth:  pickled   load

test:  default logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  file   log
truth:  sets   up

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  default args for multiple lines to a single space .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  null   markup
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  return the natural factorial of n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return the installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a message on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new one model db ref in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single user view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a name to a dotted name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  for an partitions .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   like
truth:  return   return

test:  get a special value for a given topic .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  get   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  open an crash context - modified file .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  open   processing
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a verify if the url is given .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  returns a string with the given name of the currently set .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the index in product of the test case .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  email   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the samplefilefor option of the current settings cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check the given device path exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  send an post release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  download   return
truth:  submits   a

test:  retrieves blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the instance label for the given instance .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the hash for the given service .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tag   tag

test:  get all available actions .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  get   return
truth:  creates   classes

test:  find a list of routes routes .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial polynomials in f and g .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  main function to run raw via the npm sentry process via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  vectorized transpose a square operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  save an entry .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given exception target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a differing version of a group .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  null   version
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a dictionary with the elements of the given module and the object .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if a token token is random .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return an array to a scalar or scalar .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator which accepts the function from nickname .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path and a streams environment variable .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  stream   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a list of arguments are zarp into a function .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  make   calls
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  create a certificate under the specified adapter .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns the windows memory .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the absolute path as an absolute path with ~user directories for ~user and env wont refer through the following usage_ids .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective metadata for the discussion metadata if it is cached .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a hash for a file .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a dict with items of each object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print an a string as an iterable of indentation .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  add eeg raw to eeg object .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  pooling   return
truth:  function   function

test:  invoke a function for the given target using target level method .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  register   target

test:  see statsmodels .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  make   exists
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the default currency setting .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for the specified service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  i is a new event event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  is   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if the specified service is running .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  return   return

test:  utility method to return the input 2 .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  print   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  tars inheritance on an object .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  parameter function .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that adds the function to our arguments .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  by config_uri .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  test   test
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  returns all thrifts source files in g .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for tests that require doctest testcase .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  change the password to the users email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse multiple object definitions in the index file .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the tpot time function can be read when a style pipeline with a fixed state .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy factory .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  does   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the filename of the bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply two elements of a vector .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   running
truth:  multiply   a

test:  helper method that creates a blob to the figure out what the file has any extra files in the form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   handler
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update the provided objects on the provided objects when the task with the modified .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   wrapper
truth:  update   update

test:  convert float values to dict or float descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of sample status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the time of a variable .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the row of n x lucas compositeness .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   lucas

test:  return whether the desktop app .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  underlying data .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  url   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute autocovariance for track bincount .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   field

test:  a view decorator to require an auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  return the matching command to full path .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  return user and return scheme to create the given user .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  domain   return
truth:  url   url

test:  run a package option into a main command line tool .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can check the user has all rights or the user rights or the user rights or the list of page if the
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  echo the database and all db .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   time
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if the host can be an exploration exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a auto_close_date function to the xmodule polynomial .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that the in-db directory are marked as expected after the on-disk file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test %%prun with ipython special timeit .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  print a gpio value for the specified value .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  causes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the config object from the given config string .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  test evoked object using invalid entities .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a 'visual' mercurial url and return a python data .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  detects if the given contents is 1 .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment ref is within x .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uses arguments to parse ssh key and return the machine key web2py is to run .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  return the 180 app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of names and descriptions in the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns whether the user is blocked from a relationship .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a dictionary of address information from a url into its json string .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file from the file system .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator that ignores the decorated function to be jenkins by url-decodes them .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  add white positions for each wmt .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  add   sample
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert the value from the variable into an acceptable string .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   example
truth:  to   null

test:  replace all named reverse domain objects with substring in g .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  null   locale

test:  a simple list of the items in the given command .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  filter out which a subset of pairs iff a common subset of a dict .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  filter   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  get loop without length .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  loop   loop
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the server of the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  return   up
truth:  null   one

test:  decorator for when share an optional command .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the given code is a hard sql server .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   mask
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single log stream .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   helper
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current path .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the leading monomial of f and options .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split an error message to the python booleans .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  verfies   null
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a response object response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  reconstruct   build
truth:  attach   response

test:  test the gzip version of data files to contain contain the supplied data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  serialize   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if path is a file .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time representation of a sound stocenv: .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  return   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  download and reads a file based on the contents of a url .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  download   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the dict-like structure for the given tree .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  like parsing but always works on the import database .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  flatten   dictionary
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove files from the given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clears all of the screen in all of the given thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  get all the data from chunks of n nodes .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  write this image representing the png data to a write followed by a write image .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns true if the chordal graph is cliques .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trim a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary shaped of two distributions and log them in both target expression .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  computes   binary

test:  transpose version of inspect .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  null   function
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  find metadata in the given file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  find   a
truth:  code   code

test:  transforms code errors and stored in pep-426 .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference to a string of integers .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the current database path .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   ports
truth:  resets   null

test:  calculates the dipole unwinding about the dipole .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  calculates   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  check if sensors for the text .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the instance of a particular vm record .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  get a value for a specific charts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the specified number of a phone number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  lead add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a file: array to numpy array of strings .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  this method returns the current module for the given deployment .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle setting cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the floating point of an cx to the tempreturn .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  prints   ownership
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns true if the router meets the given list of certificates .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the inverse inconsistency modulo o .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  returns   probability
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns the default python shell is available .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   view
truth:  stop   stop

test:  expand previously read configuration to do dominance .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  tag   authentication
truth:  figure   figure

test:  convert images to an image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  color   color

test:  create a coins cipher .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create an rpc .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   service
truth:  get   service

test:  check if a user can edit an app .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get distance between a year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  get   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test the update function at a python process .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  return the authenticate to display in the given google cloud storage .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a string containing mongodb and tokenize token into a list of strings .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  x: the stable text of the observed tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   level
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a list .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  does   null

test:  get at the other segment of the other other statement .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find two indices list: .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse and return a configuration file for the given configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get an object class .
truth: return method class . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   method

test:  compute mean of an array at an array parameters x : array-like axis : sample mean squared mean of the input array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  given   implementation
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator for jobs .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  see   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  multiple collections or equal to multiple year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a python manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  download   name
truth:  update   update

test:  render an entire inlines template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   html
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change permissions to gid gid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   process
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a numbers of 2 response .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  gets information from database tables and registers any arrays in the uri .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  to   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a window is a window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test sparse dataset to check sequences .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  quotes   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the line graph of the graph or none .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if f is a function that raises an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  determine   null

test:  nth coefficient function for storing items from url .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  cross   nth
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a string or bytes to the hash strings .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  s   decodes
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test drawing arcs without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  drawing   test
truth:  test   reactive

test:  remove a masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return the contents of given filename and return the resulting filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   content
truth:  read   read

test:  resolves a document and splits fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   response
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a simple dict mapping yielding to options .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   adjust
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  install the public package .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  install   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a int from number of bytes into network representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test whether or not an assert is true if it is empty and true otherwise .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check whether mri is an mri mri in another directory .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  check   read
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  update the given header key from a dataset .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  access   null
truth:  null   mine

test:  return key/val part of a matplotlib cpu by the given power and y .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  return   class
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete an elasticsearch certificate .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the weights of a directed set of distances .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  return memcached information for the current machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse a sphinx .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like torrent .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  form   torrent
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  takes a string using base64 and interpolates the string to be networks by base64 .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get the branch starting from the branch if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  yes/no question read requirements .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  question   null
truth:  based   null

test:  return square-free coefficient of finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create n de for the migration kind .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the current request to be a couple context for the given bokeh listing .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition usage cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  install the epoll() mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  decode the last opened pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a string for name from the given metric name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   subscribers
truth:  change   change

test:  runs the command and return a storage .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   +

test:  mail mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  provides   msg
truth:  assert   assert

test:  test one of the content based on default .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  transform an url to the rrrather .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   convenience
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print a list of sabnzbd .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  print   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a human-readable string in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  skip the test if the test is installed .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  skip   check
truth:  if   check

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another search method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  domain a labeled polynomial g using leading and g .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the codons string of a changelog .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  latex   lowercase
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and sample value for each gradient in sparse loss .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  null   api

test:  returns ancestor elements of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   ancestor
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to wait until an element with given id is found .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a a cla file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  show   null
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates a default formatters that also doing the specified formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  determine where the pipeline is enabled .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  if   null

test:  read findkind tag .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  read   check
truth:  tag   tag

test:  yield a line to begin with length .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  yield   manager
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects to the given url .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  imports an object and returns a class path .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pubkey' to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current contents of the view only for an existing multi-line .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  return the current statistics .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return selected args cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if a recaptcha field is required for an httpresponse with a local .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  perform value measurement measurement parameter .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert python source listings into the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  insert   nodes
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level module for there .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to get a specific backprop .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  return   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the tcp sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  simple test function for #16288 .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read input as input .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a variable with a feature .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  running   background

test:  creates a inherited security security security security rule .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   calculate
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns a list of nodes of the graph with at a given number of nodes .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this reads the versions of the new manifest .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  take   null

test:  method to support tests .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  given a list of actions .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the absolute url to the cached outgoing url in the rtd way .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  returns the list of polygon for the given params and populates the context with the context variable .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  automatically bootstrap script .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  retrieve a certain docker client for a server .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return hostname from host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the email address is invalid or username: an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  if   a
truth:  determine   reason

test:  provides subject information about each certificate in standard format .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  if   parses
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy query to the database .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a graph for the specified tournament .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  assert   method
truth:  to   method

test:  currently executing the service instance using the following edx engine .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a convenience function for tauchens .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  get csv for all python source files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  get   get
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the name of the password .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  get the current weighted contents of submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  count   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  running importer on a server with parameters .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex keys .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  skip test unless a test unless given condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create k signatures using k and return k .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  create   photo
truth:  remove   remove

test:  change group to false and serialize cache files .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  change   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the name to a file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  writes   open
truth:  write   null

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns all assumed assumed to see if a given tensor is a tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  find common configuration files .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  attaches an existing machine to the vm .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  submits   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  determine if the point is inside the loops zone .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  take a translation and return the absolute path to the datastore class name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance in the case .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a dict to be used when the decorated process .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  needs   test
truth:  list   muting

test:  return the current idle setting cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a decorator to extract arrays ordering .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   return

test:  process the names and default values using 0partial - concat_all .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  process   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the upper frame page page similar to an environment .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  empty : rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  null   rule

test:  yield the ordering of nodes in g .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   rest
truth:  run   run

test:  return information about a bug in the specified package cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone one or more files .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   script
truth:  clones   a

test:  create a new file in the bucket specified by adding the salt-minion cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  softmax of the values in a tensor .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if data is a binary string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  compare and compares the keywords if available .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  run using network .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   pairs
truth:  to   connect

test:  copies the list of words for each console .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  copies   set
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check if staff is valid .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  to   lists
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  compute pretty controlpoints .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test interpolation of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  returns content from one of the account record .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  content   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the given object is a node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  git backend should be able to install from version names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   strategy
truth:  backend   backend

test:  fetch a client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  read the dominating edge matching the specified edge matching the specified edge matching the beginning of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  read   networkx
truth:  return   minimum

test:  split a string in the given text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  return   return

test:  mosaic the ansiblemodule matrix from a python image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  support   build
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns id of escape .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a test has installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts the version string to a certbot requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a formatted list of tokens from a user query .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  create a polynomial of degree n from the specified polynomial .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  get page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool on a bigip device and create a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  modify   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an email .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   attempts
truth:  adds   null

test:  validate an possibly qualified label of a dictionary .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return list of trace types from the form header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set a string to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  set   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  create a list of unique items in order to be tested transitive protocol .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  create   null
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a bson line to a grades object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a tuple of a records entry from the security_attributes geometry .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a pair in cumulative fraction components by either the maximum and the edit tree or see if the maximum maximum *dest* .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  name   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  creates a cython cdouble to a numpy cdouble double double .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  get a valid route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  gets requested environment dict from python related to set .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  get   a

test:  list vhosts' for a user via rabbitmqctl or just cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  return   a

test:  reason} control error utility for api axis .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   status

test:  temporarily copy the requirements to use for an existing requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  control   video
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new func2 get new course today .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows the migration level for the migration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  shows   configure
truth:  executes   null

test:  check all available items in the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs -34 types correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load data from an undirected file .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   parameters
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a tuple of the string .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check for all tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download job references for jobs .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to require a task to be a handler .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   powers
truth:  join   join

test:  format a date .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a proxy for the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  url   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the wsgi application object .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns true if a vm is x_0 or argspec .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   return
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes the local edge connectivity and shortest between two edges .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a tool .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find all trees in a dict for a given json .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  prints and returns its rgb .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  source   text
truth:  print   print

test:  for usage .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  the the the module the the the the the module the the the the the the the the the module the the module the the the the the the module
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  module   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  list the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  runs   runs

test:  recursively remove all possible pairs from number .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  if   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  ensure describes works when model was loaded .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if xfs is a valid xfs dump .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if an user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  if   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  create a vector of shared variable and returns a numpy array of sentence .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  override   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a system at_time the system before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  run a html page with an students successful course key .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a databases from the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  clip   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return full pathname to be used for the memcache build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to return the draft of the django draft .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if node is a node which will be sent to a node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  random_combination of indices of indices of n model .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  null   course
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return exponential autocorrelation theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   exponential
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   send
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get a string representing the system and url_unescape .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  method for the contents of a message .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  server   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a list of string objects .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find closest in an value .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  find   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  remove messages from the context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  checks to see if file exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  checks   path
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for double quotes and contains double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  u'module' a single site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  runs   columns
truth:  run   a

test:  test that divides can be present in present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set event account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  prefix   test
truth:  be   null

test:  attempts to get an certificate listed in a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the callback from the user github or subsection .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack string .
truth: net string . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  determine the sample between a number of a/d dataset is loss .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  null   root
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes an keys .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  calculate the bit of a function at a 'invalidargs' system of mcneil in a - transform .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  close serial port for the current machine .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   wrap
truth:  clears   null

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format the sequence of sequence units so they are written in sequence of base units that they were written to their corresponding one token .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the system encoding for the given process .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  decode   commit
truth:  short   get

test:  capture convolve old projects for an array of circular data .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a model instance for all existing existing existing user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  sinusoids distance matrix for the n*m function based on success and variance .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  null   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  update a courses certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  filters   list
truth:  list   list

test:  serialize a qt obj for a unicode object .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  null   classes
truth:  obj   obj

test:  split a status string into a signed list .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  split   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a boolean type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  extract   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   python

test:  get a row from a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve the blob key from the config dictionary .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  return the exponential function inside a ebeta .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set discussions and configure groups for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   discussions
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  'clustercommit' riak cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  leave   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  yield an object or a list of dicts in an object that contains the given attribute .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv rcode .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  return the hmac-sha1 of the provided version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a graphics' document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping data back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test for #828 .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the microdescriptors and report any question .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  question   question
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes a python object by pre-amplification .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  repeat   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  assert that accessing a new matrix .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return hold to a server rule or a reporting .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   null
truth:  function   function

test:  move a propositional expression and list of options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  seq   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  make sure the parent directory for path is present .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   type
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a gradient instance .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  given   gradient
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed path .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the name of the api that can be used by the requested request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   set
truth:  if   current

test:  loop through the program that runs before fetching .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  get user info page and user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  running   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a string to a sequence of id .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  send   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test simple bar with a plot .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  null   bar

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  forces   a

test:  this is an index of an index .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   replace
truth:  converts   a

test:  return sha256 hash of the string m .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  using   encoder

test:  internal helper for creating an async_result .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish or the string "all" caches .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return the locales formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the cache of plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  compute mod_aggregate font that manipulate a spatial font .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  process   null
truth:  return   bottom

test:  save assertraises(exception for writing to output_dir stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  remove   stream
truth:  writes   null

test:  given a collection of google .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the user for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively traverse the given sequence of all scenarios that have in the given parent node .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given the template string and an optional template name .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  looks   default
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if an existing software key exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  get random chance for all nodes in random objects .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  get   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original lecun lecun and download files .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   url
truth:  load   load

test:  return a fiedler graph of the graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update the correctness in a way by adding its ok .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  update   encoding
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking user to enter an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs a python shell in a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if a given ipv4 address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  if   binary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an specific data pickle file .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the file system path for the specified template directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the circular plaintext from list of distances .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  checks whether version is installed and at least min_version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  shuffle an strategy[indx] .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  the time series database .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  null   script

test:  see if a string is a nzb .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  takes   parameters
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the peak reader works .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  string   string

test:  computes equation compatible alignment formatting .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  return users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  generate property info from a single get_media_stream file .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a string tag to a fif file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns boolean indicating whether a string is a regular expression .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  boolean   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  create a single source .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  called   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  copy url url .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  url   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  equation of the first .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  obtain   linear
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  the up an object compiled from the collector to keep .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  assign the ancestor to the homepage table .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  resultant subresultant prs of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  helper function to convert given playlist string to an json-compatible .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  test basic data .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  test   get
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a decorator that dispatcher a remote host .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  use this instead of items from sequence wile to preserve order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password with the provided password password and encrypts it .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   function
truth:  hash   a

test:  the main loop execution .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   content
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if expected error matches the given logical option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  if   log
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the characters that was made on the system .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  shift   shift

test:  returns demonstration info of ok/cancel info for cluster bar .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  try   status
truth:  set   status

test:  return the network status .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  create a new command .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  create   string
truth:  imports   data

test:  copy a scalar .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  return return matrix to return a list of files which may be removed by says it .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   identity

test:  tellstick all modules recursively .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  click   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this function is called from zone_id .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  find   like
truth:  return   return

test:  return organization main loop of current user .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  is   return
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item | enum_item | enum_item | enum_item sep | enum_item | enum_item sep | enum_item .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the first weighted setting .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return information about the device .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert a float to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check a set of files from a schema .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test decorator for *rmin* hook .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a given parse to the example header .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  starts   create
truth:  add   character

test:  quit the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  populate   fmadm
truth:  called   null

test:  decorator to serialize a declarative class with a declarative class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  calculates the list of all registered permission to use this process .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  displays the refresh page .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from environment or path to the environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   get

test:  get syntax info .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  get   set
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  construct a request of tuples from the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change ) of rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  change   updates
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns a formatted date string for use in datetime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode cannot load inputs .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  catalogue django .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  block   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic logistic function for backwards compatibility .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  modules home page .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the configuration file family files .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  import a modules .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  import   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test for issue #5617 .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns all the node in the directory .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  dump   connections

test:  creates and stores a triangulated .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique elements of l l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the first line in a split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  get all twisted entries from a more file and write to the sample file .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  set art variables for repository was used with nesting .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  numel version of l{tlsversion} .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  null   reduction

test:  get all the fields of ~astropy .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  get   task
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  calculates the trimmed standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  creates a sorted dict where each key has the value of the key .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  selects a hardware lun .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  selects   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a copy of the configured session['config'] if configured .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute coefficient for a set of polynomials .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot all hosts in the given startup .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  autenticate a user from the edx header .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  defined   sets
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the time left and execution of a function .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  time   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  newsubs a compound b .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  reverses   compute
truth:  change   change

test:  test the container parameters .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   a

test:  displays view associated with a list of user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  fetches   default
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an ip address from ipython string api_response list of ipython values .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  copies mean and mean .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  mean   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of sorted if a given list of local extension is sorted .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct image .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode to utf-8 .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   validate

test:  the default main function .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   new

test:  turns all priority see also turns it into something .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  turns   parse
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns whether the currently defined python python python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the bytes of the given object .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the day .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  horizontal laplace on an edge should be a laplace line .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  apply   test
truth:  null   laplace

test:  check for opennebula tokens used by admitting and resolving configs .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  parse   master
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  queue to queue a queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  render a list of the user in the given pygments .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allows the value of a file based on the device .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  based   add
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  net for 32bit bit integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a string to log before preserving a bash exception .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  convert naive timezone to local timezone or limit" datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  convert   dt

test:  generate url for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information of samples estimated from a gaussian distribution .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  null   information

test:  insert back a new document at the event signal that has been created .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  initializes   up
truth:  if   null

test:  turns an ascii hex string into a string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import global .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   searches
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  challenge header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  debug   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make sure that a grain is sane .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  make   probability
truth:  null   utility

test:  generate a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  creates   update
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent test methods to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use netmiko to parse streams .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  use   set
truth:  null   null

test:  returns given human-readable string representing name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public *host* url for the given jupyterhub instance .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the parent default: kernel is absent name : string name of the child process which also contain the child of destroy the child values of destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   pool
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert whitespace to a single space .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  whitespace   tuple
truth:  return   a

test:  if all json redirect header .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an indexed property property property property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  allow   strip
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the formset to be used when a bootstrap layout and the same way to send it to the same way as one of the formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns an http error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  create configuration directory .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  to   read
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password value against a salted specification for a given salted cli example: .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   method
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dicts that are not gce and values .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  gather   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  if no test provides a proper test .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  test   parameters

test:  render a given widgets to its django widgets class .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  widgets   css
truth:  add   a

test:  display a parsed section of a :class: .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders located in a specific task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  remove hypervisor from the specified hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  control   append
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns details of the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade within the test .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a relts .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  separate the first argument names and up the method .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  escapes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse a baseurl from a baseurl baseurl or password .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts hsv tuple on 360 scale to rgb color scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  hsv   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  validate an object within the str/repr and return a dictionary of option .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  debug a list of entities from a list .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  if   role
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the 3d standardized moment problem .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  run the esxcli function from the host making sure it will pick the host person .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb file in the beets header and return a list of dicts .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an input value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yield all the ignored for a temp file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  write   file
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps a method if a file is missing .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the full service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get logger when logging the logging is enabled .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the images into a vector that can be results .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  transform a header property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a job id into its data .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  store   store

test:  write each skype messages .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  performs   page
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns all files we should end snippet for all .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clears the fact that was exported to empty and triggers any of them to a concatenated task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clears   cache
truth:  clear   database

test:  gets the splunk search of the password .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if f has a positive polynomial in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  return   list
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the contents of a byte string argument .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  return   networkx
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  get primers for each plugin .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  reshape   extension
truth:  return   a

test:  dataa fitting .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a table or raise an exception if the datastore already exist .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the global engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  run tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   script

test:  raises an exception if a given data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  check if the builtin parameter was able to handle .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  if   nova
truth:  infer   infer

test:  return the name of the finder .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  get email using urllib2 .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  email   email
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test measurements description .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that passing a process is true .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns subsection and subsection of all subsection in an open file .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  falsebase : step expr | opening .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a set of flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  if   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate a subgraph of nodes in g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  yields   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a generator of a process instance .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of versions for the given list .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  compute that rsa is not a valid rsa dictionary .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return signal filter .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  to   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  host   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore an object that describes the given configuration .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   commands
truth:  restores   null

test:  make sure that the behavior of a non-existing method is not used with a valid 3 and that it is empty .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  test   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the registry dictionary mapping yielding to the file named .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  turns the hsp size in a sequence of sequences into a sequence of know about each entry .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  turns   add
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders message with env status of tip .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  shows   wrap
truth:  print   a

test:  make a cone cone class string from an rgb .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  detect signals .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   content
truth:  uses   uses

test:  true if name is a considered file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call the given database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  host   delete
truth:  null   background

test:  moves html markup to take the pattern part of the pattern .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  files   link
truth:  transform   transform

test:  registers pack paths into separate directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  track   imports
truth:  setup   python

test:  print the message to the given stream .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  test   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a diagrams .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all triggers located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check api certificates for extensions .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  unpack the given validators for the given parameters .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  get the shortest rules of the specified service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of constraints to only include a sorted list of constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  support function .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  modify   strings
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  find all bscale in the parent directory using the parent parsing driver .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  is   null
truth:  print   category

test:  test that passing a full data structure contains all es .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the actual file path of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all objects .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clean   find
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of two texts .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check cgconfig service status on a remote host .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  if   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  extract a local cidr folder path .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  extract   code
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove files that are assigned to the rmfile executable .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the given configuration is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  name: the content of a file .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  to   reading
truth:  is   null

test:  check whether a vm exists .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   snapshot
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a single module with the given help module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  wraps a key/value pair in the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a dict .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not a bom set of possible values .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   a
truth:  access   access

test:  get the default value for the given key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  given a host data in mergedfor .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  merge   merge

test:  serialize a unicode string to unicode string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  s   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a tag from a repository and return the passed repo .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   tag
truth:  splits   image

test:  hash a password .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all entities belonging to a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  check if the intended is a select .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  for a xpath descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  null   function
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract specific key from entity .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a cache entry from the cache that the cache[indexer is one or more iterables .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  given   a

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  add   course
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the n-th coefficient in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a set of available lun ids .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the pid is a negative "in interface .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  all arguments have the same meaning according to urllib .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  verifies   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a time tuple into an int .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  'fourth'super 'fourth'super .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   file
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string and return a dict .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  preprocesses the given image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  format a timestamp into a unix time .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks that another code is a locked .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  check   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  get a specific test providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if a repository is valid .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  return   c*x**i
truth:  divide   null

test:  function which handles the event from the unspecified backend .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode all keys in a packet into unicode string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encode   image
truth:  encodes   a

test:  send an request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  send   runs
truth:  sends   a

test:  returns an xblock with views that is present in the range of the key(s) .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  null   task
truth:  render   render

test:  extract a string ekey using encryption ekey key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  custom types controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the line used for setting of hist_data sanity check .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that yields a temporary pipeline function that is considered yet .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  construct   mocks
truth:  simulate   null

test:  returns the benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  to   method

test:  this is installed by consumers of mounted on or equal to oldest .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the current axis label for the current axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  set   normalizes
truth:  null   method

test:  return an options[option] copy of the standard option from all options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  return   options
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  context manager for c{testsuiteorcase} a script .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  sorts   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the pure implementation for use in one .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the absolute path directories in a chain which fail against the given 'tcl' and tk .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  list   list
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get a profiling by name .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  get   return
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns lambda function returns lambda function attached to a lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  logarithm of x at the absolute pathname in terms .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of maximum paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the zipfile file on a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return a path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   str
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute physical path of the resource object .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the length of the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the number of sids does not contain any file extension .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  test   a
truth:  given   null

test:  locate the config proxy .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  null   get
truth:  display   display

test:  decides whether the given set matching matching in g is a maximal set of maximal items in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  returns space character ( ) with a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mssql notes: * mysql * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  check that the apply to an application into the given python object .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  hook   increment
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  write authors based on git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  write   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  format a decimal datetime with decimal min_version_info and converts it to decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  tests using a median .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  using   test
truth:  runs   runs

test:  yields the starring distance from a points .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  insert   counts
truth:  order   order

test:  modify the argument .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  rewrite   function
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert nested time to tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   a

test:  in-place the given array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  track   values
truth:  store   store

test:  train a dictionary of paths for an paths using the specified network .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  model   a
truth:  train   a

test:  show a master folder for a path .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a single buffer to disk .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  decode   equivalent
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the minion group has been assigned .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  null   grain

test:  simple check to be either error or an error .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  return   a

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary exception on a file and agrees a final https yield .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  create   create

test:  get first rollback from the table .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  owned   index
truth:  null   null

test:  test equal to []pvals instances .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert a bytearray to a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return a list of model indices for all enterprisecustomer tm .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  named   find

test:  validate that a timestamp token can be used as an event token .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  check   check

test:  handler and convert the user choose and their qwebsettings objects .
truth: update request . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  request   request

test:  returns link to weblate version .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a connection string .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  iperm power of a sine matrix .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  permutes   null

test:  try to update a 2d instance from a key/value jar service jar .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  returns   merge
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a list of tuples into a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  import module info on a list of items:: plots .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  module   null
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing system .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if a config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts value to hyphenate .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  decodes   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   globals

test:  updates the users event preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  cast a byte string or a iterable object to check if its a string .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  take care of sockets .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  convert   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  elementwise window function; simply return none .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  elementwise   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the leading item of f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   float
truth:  float   float

test:  return a string of standard line-based table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered requiredargument"session"ismissing requiredargument"session"ismissing mode .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that the 3d actual chain correctly .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  this is never be a bug .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  is   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log message on the level .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some extra integer object .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  get a date on axes or axes according to the current axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  stratifiedvalidationshufflesplit the pidfile file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the template at the given path with the django .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  rendered   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  function for gamma .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  checks   checks

test:  directly to be used in the opts['root'] to look up all available files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  return   function
truth:  scan   scan

test:  find a list of length names for draws .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  testing sys .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  provides   directories
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the css css is inline in the given css css imports .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  host_name live .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  test if data table has data values .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   conversion
truth:  null   null

test:  return the network minimum sum of the graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert dotted ipv4 address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a string contained in a cookie .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  append   a

test:  search for a less elements in the list .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  search   return
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests requests in the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a string or template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  clean items in the array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  works   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  for each cache based on the argument .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  choose a specific facts from facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  null   provider
truth:  apply   provider

test:  set the audio buffer for the given process .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move interface .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  for a specific language type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of locales based on the locale or set .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the gluster module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new instance of the api new instance .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  elevation toward or quantile position .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  -   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a new dictionary that is unique from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by float .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  float   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns keys/value indexes associated with a given entity .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a reference standard reference to approach .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  tests the two strings .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the xml for this app is not currently active .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   info
truth:  define   a

test:  parameters categories : categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dictionary   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the git revision for the given url .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string of bytes from a method of minion .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if original version of these bindings are collected and changed .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   version

test:  return the unique hash of a given key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns a string of the nonlinear event with respect to the specified number of dicts .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  back-end method to return the hive record .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize a bronsteins object .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  add   indices
truth:  null   a

test:  restrict that value is small enough to stop rational .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  calculate   handle
truth:  value   value

test:  return a recipient that is authorized .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  return   send
truth:  email   email

test:  provides a second archive in a python package .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only allow state_changed argument with the creator object info in the serversetting thread .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a printed decorator to check a template with ast .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   plural

test:  list items in store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  return a comma-separated for the specified engine and create an supported excel class .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  loads multiple backends backends and converts the backend to a backend .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  creates a consumer matrix from a decoding for decoding .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores twisted all current filesystem .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the flat .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  build   a

test:  process some connections and send for the given port to the given port .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block a call to a new event loop .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get contiguous loop beginning by the console .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  return a list of precomputed items .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return true if all paths have exactly expected paths .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  serve the best match for the request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put a host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  host   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decode html value from alembic to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  decode   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  parse the given options for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns true if this number is a number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   sequence

test:  a generator to return all the directory that contains a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  return   a

test:  detect the string runlength .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  compose the lists in an iterable list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  build a date using a string .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ways for a clean backend .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  create   new
truth:  to   push

test:  create a temporary file with the suffix in the file with the suffix permissions .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare the sphere and an expression generated by the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  compare   compute
truth:  calculates   null

test:  helper method to get a list of user partition info .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the entry from a string .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an order linear order linear differential equation with 1st coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  transform an image to disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidate the version of the cms version .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   display
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  gets the musicbrainz candidates for an album for a musicbrainz musicbrainz server .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether id is a number .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the service .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   list
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the '%sremoved' .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   admin

test:  dummy view for doctesting .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  load a specific check from the python check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  check   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a connected sample from one sample to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  cached: sha1_hash[0:20] segmentation for #16288 total_seconds .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the name of the database .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  helper method that raises usernotauthorized if requesting user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files with the given id .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  import   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  reload a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  document   doctype
truth:  delete   a

test:  given an active redirect .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if any given directory is found in a directory .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  fail   ping
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: tags only works like tags .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   locattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test heterogeneous warning for annotations .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the currently selected ca ca version .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  replace running the given string as a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  interprets   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  this script works similar to the programs tool .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  get a datetime and returns it .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  train endpoints of a subset of x and train it to a subset of arrays .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   version
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string for a list of optional indices and returns a list of them .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a module .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check we have some color c .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  wraps command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  to   null

test:  page of resource .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the list of azs .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres role cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a date string corresponding to a datetime value .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address of the current host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for adding json to a long node .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return an alternate alternate setting of the request .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure an getresponse is not needed to send testcase parameters .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  make   fixture
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pootle one unit .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  based   test
truth:  load   tm

test:  get the bem solution for a string .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  return a single output of a single image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  return   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  return an attrs['name'] for all attributes with attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  find   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  accept environment to use .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  accept   function
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  compare the encoder onto the current sentence .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  close   partitions
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  null   null

test:  find a filename from a multiplier key .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get a specific credentials cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluates the exponential of an exponential distribution as a function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  evaluates   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns a optimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  just returns a tuple .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  find nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  create a new pants instance .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   imports
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates an anonymous route date .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a stream factory function from an endpoint description string .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   run
truth:  update   portage

test:  convert the given result to an state instance .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all iam token groups and create a list of queue() .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  strongly implementation of controller .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  null   eeg
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the base directory to use for unset {<variable>: modules .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  make sure that an object is true and passes it to fail .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  make   authentication
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no-op validation function .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  spawn   a
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense topn array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files in a given directory .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree to stderr .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  safely walk all subdirectories .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only for macos with utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded utilsutilitycouldnotbeloaded .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test the correct app .
truth: test program . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   program

test:  helper function to create a jar and run entry from the jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   arguments
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given signal handler for the given python vars .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a phyloxml channel string from the given channel and return a configparser .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo instead .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen social social filter .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replace transforms transforms .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random graph g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if a float resolves to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  ensures that version of version is at least one of sorted_children fields .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a time span string from a protocol buffer .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  text -> unicode string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  text   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 network validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   x10

test:  get the columns in the given document .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a default gui .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  try to find path of the file or a directory .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  to   find
truth:  derive   ini

test:  converts a certain function to an plugin .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  takes a ast function and returns a tuple .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the parent directory path .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  simple moving average .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  value   value

test:  return a random array of the supplied numpy array .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a date string from an dynamic-choice version string .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  similar to ascii .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  encode   data

test:  make sure we can skip this module .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  make   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  its value with the html attributes .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  upgrade   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a dict and returns true if all items in the specified dict .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  invert a graph from an existing graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clear an existing request from the client .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  call this function first piece of the byte strings on the according to the file system and true if the file is valid .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  calculate   whitespace
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disallow imports in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  check if the task string in the system .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  if   list
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a pil .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   object
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a password hash of the given username and password hash .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of ip addresses of linode modules .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a json response data and returns a list of headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a generator for the given config file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the special name for the given namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   options
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a router router for the search router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  helper function to write a set of master errors .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of vagrant machines .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  modify   output
truth:  returns   a

test:  expand a machinectl loss into a single vector .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   loss

test:  return version of salt on the minion cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  report   report

test:  replace any regex transformations in the occurrences of the source .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  splits   return
truth:  create   create

test:  converts chunks values to double array .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  chunks   human
truth:  pad   pad

test:  ensure a critical configuration value is a roots in a form:: selections .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   new

test:  test whether an object is a mutable instance .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   null

test:  checks config file and return json object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  if   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  insert names .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  be   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  find the total state reachable reachable from a given reactor .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  find   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create a local file from a button using a local head .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  data type check for data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  create   a

test:  renders all registered trailing whitespace in the subclass expansion .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when given a discount contents of the local files .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   a
truth:  require   null

test:  convert float to human readable order .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   windows

test:  extract orders and device type from a corresponding list of user type .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  recursively convert a dict to a pair of values for a given type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  attach email info .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   build
truth:  send   send

test:  raise an exception when the fractional has been installed .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  raise   dummy
truth:  throw   null

test:  remove all keys in {}new .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  get selected image from disk .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  using   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject the specified items into a cuthill-mckee .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   inject
truth:  injects   data

test:  check if unsupported is available to or not .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  performs   filesystem
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the path for the filename .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  deletes   build
truth:  builds   null

test:  test the test method .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  test   run
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create a cluster record disabled .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check whether the dad interface was modified in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load config parsed from the setup .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  config   get
truth:  read   user

test:  the regular expression tree in the given root node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  generate unique id .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  generate   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets the user for a users based on rabbitmqctl .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  signal comment on a comment page and displays its contents .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  create   translation
truth:  stores   a

test:  try to find project from a given project .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of user has been lshift or none if it is not found .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  pad all base64 encoded string c{s} .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute parallel object for uninstall .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  control   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  adds shrinking from the description of p_ijs installed arent in use of draft draft mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the current context name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  the possible message header linear unified values will be converted to a dictionary .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  like query_super .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  like   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  find the nth element which are desired versions that we want to determine the version number .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively convert exact object to the list of strings .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of unicode paths .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if necessary .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  given a cloud document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  given   updates
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return an instanceelement attribute of the given object .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see pull .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   testenvironment
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch the given attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the input value to a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the gcode files which are not the import files .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   get

test:  given a user object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  takes strings and returns a nan? message .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  receive   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a string of hex triplet .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  join variables .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  interprets   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  given a value like 5 .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  return a list of existing figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  return   show
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the amazon 'awslambda' service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a summary of exploration summary of the exploration model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  downloads a given number of gpus from the device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  indent   lines
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  like admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file on the remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  open   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents for locale .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   tag
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  return true .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   s
truth:  return   return

test:  test interpolated [83 option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate an asset asset asset ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a package is preserved a python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  extract the test data that will ultimately be used to open .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of the follow view for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts cypher with the given key key key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  decrypts   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  given a union of linear differential equation .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  given   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  add a per user to the list of files .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  generate upgrade upgrade fields for a release .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  used   null

test:  compute entire image from edges .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  approximate   columns
truth:  null   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  a validator that just returns a string from a validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  get   validator

test:  get the timestamp of the timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make states for each row in single output .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  filtering   works
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  change image location and update it to an image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  change   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get the namecmd login name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a given xri to all iri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test line option with same dtype .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of opennebula scores which are not a top-level tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   a

test:  read a django command .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  unset   tests
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  view for *icrs* to allow it to select an oauth2 user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  view   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  generator to split a string .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  split   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a string is in a form .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  if   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  filter a source file from line .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  read   in

test:  wrapper for thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if cudnn is a python boolean .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  source   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check if the numpy array with either units or none .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index fields in the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   a

test:  this calculates the subject representation of a socket .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a disk disk for the specified computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  packs the tried sum .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the homogeneity completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   run
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  download an index name .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine which a file should use to open a new line for which a github file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  train the respective data directory and respective files .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  clip   fetch
truth:  based   demo

test:  like throws an http view .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  block   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return data that have been downloaded states .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that the softmax layer can be consistent .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the correct image .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the list of pids in this machine .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  order   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since the get rid for the l{file} - started some errors will not cause the get rid of the background inserting the get on the background inserting any errors will
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  an empty string conversion of the given character .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   read
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for the event f to be cached .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  generates and convert the first node in a list of dicts .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  null   generator

test:  create invalid folders in this video .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  see url .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  url   return
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the value of the trunk information for the given trunk .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  decorator for 4-byte .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if this target is a valid host-name .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns an array of circular curve for the distance option .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a boolean for the given remote location .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a new client if the logs exists cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  set   up

test:  change path directory if required .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test if a gradient of an op is a gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to add an object to a method ref ref this function is called to be called upon the decorated function to be called from the class to finding it
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for benchmarks that should be installed .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure users channel was done on this process .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  initializes   delete
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  assert that the anonymous prompt is used to open an interactive environment to determine if the data to a default cli example: .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  extract $bindir path from the path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  provides a cache random model .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  service : extends identifier | service identifier identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  write an zip file and all files along with a given directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  include   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the hermite dataset to a list of sensitive tuples .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   data
truth:  send   send

test:  return the users objects based on the account .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return images or videos for json with an image .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns a list of sequences in a sequence .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  grant   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert given path to a dotted path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  remove access to the access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  access   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   test
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirect kit files in the maxheap file to the filename and find our unabletoparse .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  read   limit
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove files from any attribute found in the filesystem tree .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make an example resource type .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a string representing the concatenation of a list .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  preface the specified htpasswd repository .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the filename based on the filename .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert the memory translated translated to find the ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the list of tuples .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generates an email to see if the test has been imported .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the candidate .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  open the input data from a yaml graph .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  stream   returns
truth:  loads   a

test:  return packet packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current config .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  has   return
truth:  get   get

test:  most simple registration of the qwebpage .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of response that can be consistent in degree sequence .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  find   a

test:  finds elements of sequence for which the sequence is the first index .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a list of doc docstrings .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  takes   token
truth:  null   null

test:  get the collection for a specified path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a string for a given internet address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return an unique description of the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  call queries with subtle from hot-wired routine this function will be called from hot-wired with an external routine .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  write   null
truth:  source   source

test:  x and lags .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  connected   sum
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the path to the simple cascading .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the creation of a specific client .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  get   replacement
truth:  extract   null

test:  calculate the gradient gradient for the gradient gradient .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  calculate   sets
truth:  null   gradient

test:  lint the most appropriate errors .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  prints   runs
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  given a array of arguments and a specified array .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  given   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes and then inflates .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  return a numpy color from a dictionary .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  helper for symbolic url .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   source
truth:  extracts   null

test:  check a certain transform of messages from a transform .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  check   messages
truth:  null   helper

test:  test if a file is configured .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is a degree of g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that cache 2 support is still applied to the interval at the end of the theano function .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of git components for the given requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  read the entire text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: polar make the current image from the current image .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   call
truth:  make   a

test:  event: compute results to generate df events .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create the custom metric instance .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  a simple release .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  runs auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  disjoint spatial size .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  null   system
truth:  null   null

test:  set the pixel text .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define eq contents .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  map   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  test filter with the language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a handler which installs extra errors .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  color   add
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of paths for a given initializer .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  get the list of tab ids for the given table id .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  structured   null

test:  return the number of controller to manage the rest record table @todo: show all 'budget access to .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  show   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  changes all python environment vars .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  changes   search
truth:  executes   null

test:  get the oauth token for a api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   get
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test isactive at the url used in the specified jar .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  one that is removed .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  are   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return program types which will be sent to the user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  makes   program
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: aggregate-tests check files or jenkins to jenkins jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy to keep builds .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpacks prediction into a list of openssl namespace .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  unpacks   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  find all matching objects in a pair .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get a word with the senseno form of a word .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  get   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  imports the given module given its name .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  load   extension

test:  check if a given list of dicts are actually a dictionary or list .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  map   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new environment .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate that we have some arguments found in <dict> .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  a call to make sure the given tree is a tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  aux version of ctx: .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  transform   function
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the checksum for a digest .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns the status of file-like status .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   label
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle the given step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  if   function
truth:  print   snippets

test:  given a registration search .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  given   return
truth:  serialize   a

test:  activate map of integer values .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  return   a

test:  measure a csr array so that it is close to the proper axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the oslo_config location of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the instantiated is not a wrong route .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  look   up

test:  hash a string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  colorize decoding to connect to each device in the device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  text   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a single global configuration .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  return   up
truth:  find   find

test:  list saml providers .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  list   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  convert an dtype to a random array .
truth: like rand . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert a qt description to a list of description strings .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the cumulative subsequence of a gettext .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  logs the message and return the message .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  output   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write some text to the sequence of spaces .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invoke a new assertion method .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   things
truth:  mark   a

test:  import a widget and copy it to the given widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  import   return
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the given translations into a flat list of dicts .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a context for a given trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   add
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a tuple for get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the process for the specified script .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  take   database
truth:  null   null

test:  populate the course with a given test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  marks   export
truth:  map   map

test:  normalize a string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add a external port to the request .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  add   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  parse the contents of an error script cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  search   a
truth:  add   route

test:  convert multiple for rows in a single value .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  list the keys that are in the same as they were the seqs dict .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  take   null

test:  gets a public ip .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  validate input value for the int and int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  input   return
truth:  check   check

test:  context manager to log messages from a text with a specific question .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  context   log
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: form the text to be rendered layout if set to horizontal only .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   matching
truth:  form   form

test:  return a list of the current table names .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add the matrix to the target using visible .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   get
truth:  add   path

test:  return datetime object from the epoch in seconds since the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  return   current
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the images into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for rruleset methods .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   method

test:  filter out unknown options that are not valid .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  filter   search
truth:  search   search

test:  load a given path from list .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the request that will be used by the user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if given permission is a permission object .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return json string to make code safe for proper indentation .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  string   json
truth:  null   json

test:  quote a string for use in a cookie url .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for review .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute ldap and read the data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if a file is a valid options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given an expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  given   name
truth:  extract   null

test:  get a node representation of a node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return wrapper around oslos .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  call   a

test:  return the user definitions of the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  rotate   a
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show and execute a module .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   notification

test:  return a particular timestamp information from the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return static files from one location .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the centroid index for a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  point   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the ldconfig separated list .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  apply a new user to the current user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  applies   awards
truth:  null   badges

test:  load all apps to special apps .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  return   one
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test installing from elected version .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all categories categories .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of interfaces .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  read a 2d file to offset offset and return a list of speech encoded string .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  subroutine to serialize the users avatar urls into a video object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  extracts   service
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the current contents of the docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  null   null
truth:  populate   docker

test:  returns the repr of an repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write metadata to a destination stream .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   metadata
truth:  writes   null

test:  find the correlation matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists with each component the paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  compute the module: quadrature nodes .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the tree is a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show number of characters to the context .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  change   message

test:  create the hostname for connected to the specified cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get a scalar expire from a sorted set of values .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper for etime methods to check if the old metric has been put .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  null   logarithmic
truth:  is   null

test:  removed and return the backslash interrupt form will be used .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return embarrassingly-simple application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all rules that match the given path .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns n bytes from n encoding .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if path is available .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  pivoted   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate if you can write the certificate to .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the renumerate positions of the given object .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  returns   pairs
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  loads parameters from a config file for testing .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evening doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  find a list of fields from a cell name .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  flatten   check
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a new sample sample file at the given content .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an ipv4 dotted quad or ipv6 address to an integer .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  get the old loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  connected   add
truth:  to   add

test:  create a package in the given package .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the status of the servers from the database .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   status

test:  changes the stripe to the stripe when an stripe attribute was deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  changes   iterator
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   reading
truth:  read   read

test:  starts a console to begin given name .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  starts   service
truth:  null   method

test:  test if django is properly represented by django .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  load   load

test:  return the text of the page with the given filename .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check that a datetime specification is modified .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  check   datetime
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the username from the filesystem .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  get   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  raise an exception if the specified exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raises   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a plugin by name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return true if path is using truefullpath .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return general plugin associated with all plugins .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract the cookies from the response page and register/fakeviewfinder checks if the user cookies .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  request   request

test:  return the list of lines available by values .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  write   null
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the *seq symbol from a sequence .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  returns   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transforms the user defined in a list of dictionaries .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return the given cell containing a partial status .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   windows

test:  returns a security group with the given id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield a generator of list from list of given list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a parsed url back to the type .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   null
truth:  put   a

test:  set filename for the default keychain .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  filename   set
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   promotions
truth:  training   controller

test:  send message to the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  test that cci image can be able to restore .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to all messages .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   message

test:  build an enforcer policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  represent the displaying request .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  represent   crud
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified 303 using http other status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  turn   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  safely and decode a type with unicode values .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   add
truth:  check   check

test:  extract a value of a stream alias and which will be passed in parameters .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  unpack   str
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark mark mark mark mark mark method mark method mark mark method mark method mark method mark mark method mark mark method mark mark mark mark method mark mark mark
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  this function takes a ccx for the given course request and returns the correct request .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset ip decide .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  start the application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  start   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  load the reduced features for a single feature .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  load   generate
truth:  train   a

test:  function to add connection to messages .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  send   a

test:  gets the admin email address of the admins account .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a machine by harder it in a queryset .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal back to added users changed when the user is first .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  move the buffer within the buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  computes   null

test:  wait for a click to be an visible for the specified index .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  strip the html strings .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack path to rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the line of the maximum and upper leading declared .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  return   like
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a ndarray which is sauvola every mean .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  applies   null

test:  given a dictionary of callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  given   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  convert a string to a datetime .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamper translate or override environment variables to your builds .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  used to load all xml files .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  null   use
truth:  load   a

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  obtain   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the run tests .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   process
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create the indicated line of an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  create   null
truth:  read   read

test:  creates multiple records at the specified response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  submit methods for methods and return the number of yank .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  test the trainable of an array .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  get a new fallback .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  start long .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  run   nltk

test:  join paths with resolving or all paths that have a particular path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   a

test:  for image backends - is not required for the last line of the function .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a byte string as string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   a

test:  build the jinja environment with non-prettified axis and environment variables .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  build   output
truth:  create   create

test:  close any marking ordering of a real key = editable .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  close   null
truth:  server   server

test:  computes the unique id of a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates an existing graph based on user items .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  sending   sending

test:  gets default available exceptions .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a list of interfaces .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  change   a
truth:  document   document

test:  convert a time to json .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  given a geos informations name .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  set   set

test:  parse the coverage format from ints instruction as a list of ints .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   a

test:  connect that an cone protocol instances over given server and client .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  run   session

test:  accepts a diff set of strings .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  assist   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the distance between a pair .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  does not have .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  encode   encode

test:  this generator iterates items from a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  yield   null

test:  concatenate the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  changes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the status of this parent .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   options
truth:  update   status

test:  provides a new instance of a loop and returns its authorization name .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  provides   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  pool for nodes in a set of nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  run geocoding from python 2 operations .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   check
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all specified variables from all returners cli example: .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  compare   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is a known known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  takes an data: and returns it .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python path separator .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  null   python
truth:  replace   argument

test:  a convenience function for local tagged backends .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a string representing bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the mongodb hub light platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper for register a colormap and possibly passing a colormap .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  check   a
truth:  add   a

test:  plot the profile within a 2-d 2-d equivalent .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plotting   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  update node callables .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  update   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  add correlation of response: .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  correlation   language
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that a cookie value contains valid random characters .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  creates the new ip id .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading volume labels from a label .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  build a dtypes array from the given data .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  build   compatibility
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return post info .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   one
truth:  token   token

test:  calculate a nice address 4-byte forms and return their simple ip address fasta_out_fp: is reported .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the yaxis for the current ticklocs to *s* .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  extract   call
truth:  make   a

test:  convert to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   system
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return text with color or other effects into color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  open the scalar values from the scalar constant method .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the vms for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  reverse version of getattr() .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the release .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture for testing .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  like   like

test:  prompt the link window using the master link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  change   a
truth:  log   a

test:  given a class instance of an instance .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  given   issubclass
truth:  null   version

test:  determine if the name is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  update a subnet from a server .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  signals service to start signals .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  init   a
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as second argument to convert a second integer or none to n .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  null   list
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wrapper to simplify args: linux : ndarray of f examples .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  to   python
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing search for search that is listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  list   null
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parse a **kargs: field from a google quickly kwargs .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   helper
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   copy
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if value is a unicode .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a bitdepth .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  write   a

test:  list all subscribers .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  list   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a graph of length n of graph .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the translations for this bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  apply   firewall
truth:  download   download

test:  return a list of ips for the given linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box for the add-on add-on .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates for current user from fabtools .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   a

test:  get a month .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user by user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test the counter that runs all tasks under a given task and populates the rest of tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  toggle   tasks
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  return the mean of the minion .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accept   a

test:  returns the users client for the specified instance .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate a proxy .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  prepare a simple endpoint .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return first first element in lines that start with first first .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  list all service by service .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  pools and active positions for each dns given each non-negative positions .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  null   index
truth:  null   operator

test:  runs a .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  upsert_data() test that use another module that automatically import .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure elements of a distribution is scale by both method of a .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  document of admin document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  bootstrap3/form_errors the line corresponding to the command line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  transforms   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  process the given process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   crud
truth:  process   a

test:  install an grid where pip from path is completely .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  install   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check that the users umask and returns the output of umask .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  checks   find
truth:  set   set

test:  given some kernel codes and the corresponding patched function .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  given   iterator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a pmf from a sequence of integers .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  test   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return a text .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  text   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  this is a helper function in the order table .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the id of the minimum email or raise .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return the expression in the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  rebuild   assert_is
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt an aes with a given aes cipher .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  return a warning statistics about the provided warning .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  return   current
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a denominators for expired .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  decorator to consume data from ifilenames after multiple times .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  to   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  simply returns the dataset of matrix in-place .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  null   function
truth:  throw   a

test:  takes an quotes which may or may not be quoted and unquotes .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  check if the specified user is available for the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  takes in a collection of changesets .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  to   attempt

test:  hook the call to raise a function backoff .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  convert plain incoming error value to schemaentries .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  dummy should serve admin static files properly on django 1 instance properly when ldap fetching .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  change the given fake facility class to default facility class .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  change   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse a ses object .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  get if a point is inside the points .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a specific schema is dbname cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test conversion helper .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  pack   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting or second beginning .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if this error is a valid error and hide lines .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the name of the unique identifier .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  gets working lines from the given field with type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  gets   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that the instance is set .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  ensure   ports
truth:  set   set

test:  build an object from an abstract location & making a network_service object .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  build   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name of the working directory .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  working   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  get a thread .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  migrate the database to the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  return an httpresponse with the given response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decodes string in the series/index string using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   character

test:  return the extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  given a list of top-level text that will be maps to the given text .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  empty   remove

test:  get the default urls configuration .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  get   return
truth:  look   up

test:  insert each timezone to the root queue for each queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  export   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the values of a process .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  log a dictionary using the given bouncer matrix .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  stats   count
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  cleans the ampbox .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  cleans   inverse
truth:  if   check

test:  coding diophantine .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the current database maintenance page .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  creates and saves random source file for the given contents .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  return true if the key should have a negative value .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert all tokens or a tokenselif compatible dict to the dicts .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user wants to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   requests
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version from the hadoop command .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run flask html file plugin .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  run   html
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks whether api version is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  the html according to an html type of html or jboss instance .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  null   html
truth:  function   function

test:  gradient gradient of integer gradients .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  attempts to find barcode and return barcode for each field in a list of barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the start and waits for the start twice .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  start   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check the user is assigned to the domain .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  check   user
truth:  named   null

test:  check if alternatives is installed in a sample .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  if   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  given a list of modules and a list of module names .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  given   rst
truth:  list   list

test:  encode a time such as a time .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  instantiate   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get filename to astropy path for the directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  look   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  replace image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  visualize frame .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  compares   accept
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  tests retrieving a search request .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network from a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  convert an aspects parameter string as a space character .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns an absolute path to the directory where the theme is located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store a timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  returns an greater greater than or equal to the loglikelihood greater than or equal to the sort of the constr .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  determine if a user has been created .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  quick check for cone entities in {}d bits .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  close zip file and download jobs of the given plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  close   file
truth:  download   a

test:  reset the repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  with a test to pytest .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  null   find
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a list of dicts in the given series .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  get data in a dict .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper around wait for the given function .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test circle-like and solutions of data@requires .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   routine
truth:  averaging   test

test:  delete all upgrade records for the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get failedtogetgroup{ to group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   group

test:  test for cumulative hypothesis .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph of the values of the given number .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a dict to a dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  determine if the given attribute of the object can be true .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  null   like
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the path to the ipython view of the current instance id .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given an rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  given   read
truth:  read   read

test:  create a session by loading its current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it can read the steps of steps as steps .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  return the name from the specified text .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  get   change
truth:  is   null

test:  update a colon key for testing .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   change
truth:  modify   null

test:  using 20 api to search for the public api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  using   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a simple view that just verifies the current setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  takes   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  modify security groups using the specified security groups cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  attach   security
truth:  modifies   null

test:  deprecated since installing a module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  hide   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a devicerecord or filterform api .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all associated instance profiles in a given instance .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   a
truth:  to   check

test:  download the given version number .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   args

test:  mimics the tmp datacenter path .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  generates an 2d numpy array using a default *nbits* .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  generates   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  create a dopile set exists .
truth: drop database . 
test:  create   null
truth:  drop   database

test:  parse width of bytestream and return unquoted object .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  write   a

test:  given a vector .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if a service is a positive expression .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the mouse range for selection outputs status .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   instance
truth:  select   null

test:  returns true if the user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm vm to be passed .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  test that all tests are marked as expected .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  test   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a new array .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming or rectangular window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a draft path based on a preview preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  take a shadow pattern based on the persistence certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  downloads a client if you want to initiate the aws installation .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  downloads   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  sort the score by dependency .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a graph of graph and graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  chunks   file
truth:  updates   updates

test:  call a function in a volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  run   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  convert integer from network to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns the xml representation of a string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  logs   return
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  return a uuid for the tight_layout uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the given rights to search in a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  converts   a

test:  join two new two appscale-specific .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   project
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  edit token memory window of an automatic window object .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  header   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of header low .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a certain line supports multiple cms characters .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  format   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns output .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of standard accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  return list of known package names of the package database .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  gets   commands
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type b section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for weighted cases .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  decorate a transfer endpoint to the api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update or update given srcpath from srcpath as resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   resources
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  displays the current machine .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create subscription subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   lifecycle
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  return the given routing key for the given address .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  return   marker

test:  convert a floating point dtype to a single floating point .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a ctypes argument for graphml by four possible .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate bson data as bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  creates and returns a tuple of objects to a given service instance object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  print   print

test:  return size of filesystem path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to rational float .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   base
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  test   return
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  tests that the four possible to run switches .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  remove binary labels from different or arrays .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from current url which there are not there .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show urls using adapt user etag .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  updates   algorithm
truth:  order   order

test:  get the name of the device path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  get   l1
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate the current python element in the pygithub .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an coerce template for a qt template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create the command a given command .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  convert a tzinfo .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  convert   undo
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the system path from the provided system path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  computes dbref(3) console .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  print the transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates an error string to be defined in response body .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  update config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start a given celery server .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  blocks the default tool as a utc member .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  release   a
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves a nice configuration file based on the configuration files and low additional options to low .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  enforce   merge
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private file in the given format metadata .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  returns the certificate post info .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  calculates the path to the named resource .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   path

test:  convert a dictionary of strings to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge one .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return inverse of principals process parameters .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  see url for an external alert command .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  returns true if *obj* is a sequence .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  strip all files and get gce storage .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the gradient gradient of the circle determinant .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item sep and enum_item sep | enum_item sep goals .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return all events and duration .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clears   null

test:  test reading and see that the table can be interpreted by a comment .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  write   a

test:  returns description of a url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  fetch the existing fields based on the monitoring parameter .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  replaces special characters that should only be used to add an sql query string to the python code .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a previously set field name to the ccx profile .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become rendered using a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  normalize all expression into the expression .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string id of the expr .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a dict with the details of an domains in the domain_name format .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  calculate the version of astropy reads the version of glance patterns .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  helper to determine if the given file name is a type .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  create   create

test:  start debugging from pdb .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an entity from service names .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  clean up everything .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list all the anything identified by the user .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  list   function
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  unify an url and shift_expression it .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert keys to a value or object type .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if subtracting is farther than three lists of the mean is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the mean from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test for byte value .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  checks   queries
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string based on its _reduce_code() e .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generated a key in etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  create a formstyle form for a unpickling form page .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check for missing distance .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   whitespace
truth:  check   check

test:  url-encode strings passed to the query .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  escapes   return
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   crud

test:  import a package containing the test .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in an another situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   sum
truth:  avoid   null

test:  a metaclass for adding new methods to an attribute on the channel .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   example
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from paths .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  convert   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten one of the metadata .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  return lines and dict from docstrings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a fixed-width to an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  convert   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return link to the current url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the incomplete incomplete incomplete is present .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   return
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator to return all 1prev results .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  null   function
truth:  search   search

test:  parse asdl file and return a single filename .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   manifest
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the pillar data that contain the pillar data can be passed with the pillar cli example: .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the list of names .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  get   scale
truth:  list   list

test:  return the percentile between lengths and sampling .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  returns   computation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  generates   convert
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  adds a function with args so it will be passed with positional arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  returns true if fle can be safely .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code for an object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   return

test:  wraps a default logging expression with a fileupload method .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the path to the directory that a given job is located .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  to   find
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return the directory for the specified path .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the full path to the directory path .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  lookup a given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  lookup   use
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot is being created from a grp .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the full path to the returned remote path for a cache path .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  return   a

test:  prints and install a client .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  enabled   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert a data structure to a list .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   numeric
truth:  convert   snake

test:  check to see if the function is equivalent to one of the predicate function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test interpolate code with javascript urls .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  only decorator for funcname: a function not implemented in the lib of this list .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  returns a configuration dictionary that has been enabled on the yum .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  a feature module must be called in a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   null

test:  merge variable brightness on merging dataset .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  starts   djangos
truth:  null   eval

test:  returns a collection of events from keen in keen schemas .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the limit of the facet instance .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return whether a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return size in binary form .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  find the search api search for the given metadata_url .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  find   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel enquiry section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   uplink
truth:  null   mode

test:  create a new array of split_label .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the vector vector of homogenous n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert a :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for pip completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand a path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  test decorator to make sure the tests have the specified cli bindings .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  dedent   null

test:  expand a path into an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  expands   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cuda cache for the current variant of the supplied variant and then update the data .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  for each line .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  check if the given exception node is an handlers .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  the unification succeeds iff orv(intersection) is seqrecord .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  helper to preprocess a collection contains the given element and preprocess .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  make   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  creates a new dictionary from copying to keys .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  performs   a

test:  creates a new serving private key using the lbrace described in this directory .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a summary from a summary of command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  run   run

test:  get the file entries that match the directory leading up .
truth: many builds . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  builds   null

test:  moves the current hemisphere from a dependen .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  using   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  loads all of the given warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  the specified configuration files shutdown() .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the indentation indentation to show the function .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  computes   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the network minimum bucket using the minimum config .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return an themes of themes .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  return   average
truth:  name   name

test:  return a list of js jaccard values .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get function lists without the stripped lines from the file extension .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a debugging message usage:: log the msg .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send rq counter .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   a

test:  parse version in the system version string like a release version string containing the argument names and build outcomes under the version string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  start the first .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  start   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether or not the login login to remove an anonymous backend .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write the existing mode to seqs fasta seqs string .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  filter the minion datastore .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of the names of all available plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test init an existing bucket with arbitrary name youre .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns python data structure that can be json or used as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  receive   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add context manager to all examples .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  create temporary subs_somevalue .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  read   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  calls the filepath and return a tuple that can be used in the given future .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  entries   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return struct_or_union_specifier configuration .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length type of arbitrary object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the path in datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return ftypes characters with a lshift based on ftypes characters .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return a list from a list of dtrace items .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  create a rule instance for the given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  create   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  returns none if two values are more than 1 .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  returns   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  constructs the locale locale for requesting a ccx page .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  constructs   view
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  test if arg is an instance of :class: .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process and log s3 files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the request url for the given user .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   null

test:  return only the filters available by the given compiler type .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  checks duplicates mapping file in duplicates mapping .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  sample   tasks
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  checks that the url of http link in the bad entire hash .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  url   url
truth:  if   null

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  test the skycoord code .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a named elasticache subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse an http response and return the json string .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  try   try

test:  test pretty-printing table with data line delimiter before the table line .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   test
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute a solution of two arrays and b = b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the results from the given iterator .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  looks   list
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  filter out all country pairs .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  filter   whitespace
truth:  create   property

test:  return an setuptools setuptools to the specificed setuptools file for a given port .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  find text in a regular expression .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt to make a variable in the make it limiting .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  given   matching
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more file into a file in the file in the file in the file in file format is the file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the named website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  simply returns a slice type for a given step type .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  return   return

test:  setup devices beneath by the hyperlinks function .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the config argument to add "value" or emitting all jobs .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  is   null

test:  negative negative negative central moment parameters a : array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require english project0 .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  change   generate
truth:  project   project

test:  helper function for the current project class transform into frofrom .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  validate   default
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  this method returns a list of tool ids for the current list of tool marking the received list of tool values and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string identifying the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return version of pip cli example: .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception u'yrangenotspecified .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check files in a set of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  demonstrates video videos in message search of vid search page .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  use   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clique clique neighbors to the graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through signal filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a constraint .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates url based on its index page .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root chroot directory for this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  default result to match a provided user .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  convert a simple color to an distance matrix .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of summary of contributors .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  extracts the user with the given course_id .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  extracts   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  import and return the correct bootstrap script file .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  get   point
truth:  import   import

test:  alias for a service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  loads model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  using   master
truth:  null   example

test:  convert a slice such that the range argument is a pandas path for inheritance .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  function   function

test:  when a process can be used with a setup process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  assume   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  skip test unless you are decorated methods of the wrapped function .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   function
truth:  skip   a

test:  return the tag to use for a service via seperated tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  return   metric
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a dictionary .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a fif instance using a path .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  map a special string to a python dictionary .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  map   return
truth:  return   description

test:  take a sequence of strings and return value which indicate that the variables are not mapped to set .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  take   null
truth:  map   map

test:  given the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate through a directory and generate a list of the files stored .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  iterate   generate
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  pops - pops some more stripped version .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  -   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  determines that a directory is reading and can be read .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  time   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return trailing outputting comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  return   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  null   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test paths to transform .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  serialize   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  make documentation before manually .
truth: aux function . 
test:  vectorize   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all programs tokens: page class .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  when a single video interface .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  based   processor
truth:  allocate   a

test:  logs a password in all of the specified task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments that has the same meaning as _ssl .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  loop   connect
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  update   return
truth:  null   convenience

test:  reachable page .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  loading   shows
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get a user by emulating it .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  align the file or encodes a db .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove the route53 tags .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  add   add

test:  create text from text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all services .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   agent
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if this string is a database .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  push multiple running ui .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  push   a
truth:  null   level

test:  sphinx sphinx link to a multiline document .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  given a string and an iterable of names .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  given   new
truth:  null   null

test:  test database will raise valueerror if a positive catalog is empty .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  test   database
truth:  null   database

test:  covert a list of pairs into a space-delimited list .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  get the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   prefix
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the path properties for the specified path spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an account headers to the response returned by an account if an account is returned .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   response
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if contributors is present on the test .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the subsection report score to deleting all subsection that have been marked as an xblock summary page .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the ca certificate as a certificate as a certificate as a certificate as a certificate as a number .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute compute the {}verts method for k .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  is   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime object to a string .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  scale the supplied epsj code improving .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   utility
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with bad characters removed by using an alpha for use with a bad b .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check the proper 2d sample from an array of x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  executes execution and causes a function for the given rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  fixture   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a call to check if the length contains objects .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   list
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  sets the global sqlite db for the current database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   flags
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager to locked a qmutex lock on a temporary destination .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates a null-terminated jobs count useful for providing test data useful to the context .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the same when unencoded is ball-shaped .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save a file status in which system is the differential fails for file system .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  process   attempts
truth:  showing   null

test:  return true if .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold mean based on at least one of composite transform .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show a single command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  queries   show
truth:  print   print

test:  a decorator to perform a new :class: .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  converts description .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   info

test:  wrap importable packages within its first instance .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  wrap   shim
truth:  latex   latex

test:  test the clean cookies and assign an changed jar .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the boyd date is not sum of strings .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  null   create
truth:  takes   a

test:  raise notimplementederror if dummy error is not implemented in $path .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  quotes   whitespace
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies the signature of the given certificate from the given certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  array   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put a host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  given   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a validator object for option of type optdict['choices'] .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update an existing child nodes .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   helper
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given the workflow node .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  internal helper function for hedgehog .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  subtract the index .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to stderr .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  hidden   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct bessel + transform3d .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   a
truth:  point   point

test:  retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to the format defined in the configuration file .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator for marking tests to make sure that the decorated function is not implemented if not an exception .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a mongodb serial server .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a command in a folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return special signature cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  default   default

test:  return an disk to begin with disk overlay overlay overlay same as overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  known   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert the base path to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple check if extras contains simple package .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  null   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  power-on suspend .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a simple apply the top level for unset apply to the following fashion and does not make the entire apply apply spectral conversion to cassandra .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  returns   rules
truth:  null   strategy

test:  test that this test to ensure that we are able to use and that the current pool to test for download .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   a
truth:  handle   chain

test:  get get and descriptions from the given sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  given   multiple

test:  helper function to find user model .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a css number to an html .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : expression .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively and consistently point value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute autocovariance for size parameters x : ndarray or its autocorrelation matrix .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   weights

test:  convert twisted variable to collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the secret cipher cipher .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   serialize
truth:  null   null

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only for macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns tree items of the selected item items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  selected   returns

test:  check the axes within the same axes as html .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  access   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns true if the given image is default .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  initalizes the recurrence relation with an initial state to the alembic .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  initalizes   function
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a custom image name to master .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  write the contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  content   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load filename from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  execute   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns an fields for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decode a string from a binary string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  to   attempt

test:  launch an httpresponse with the tinymce error message .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  download   validates
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local destination file .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the current machine .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete an instance .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  marks   null

test:  replace mpd < one letter version of logged_in_users .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert data from several worksheet to string .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  perform some dag statistics for all :) .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  perform   cache
truth:  makes   a

test:  primary : assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  stop stop compatible abs) instance .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list with tensors to display all tensors .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  effort control text .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  null   show
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a new dictionary containing potentially signed and represent it to each of dicts .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  dictionary   dictionary
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  check that the facebook processor is required .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  runs   set
truth:  checks   checks

test:  remove leading index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  determine   error
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a valid request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   returns
truth:  initiate   a

test:  update an media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  update   media
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the *l1* absolute value .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  mark state as :py:func:make_subrequest to be exception_class by text .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  revoke   create
truth:  terminate   task

test:  default backend for sixs .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  call func on deletion and assign operations .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   null
truth:  null   a

test:  solves an integer value .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  training   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find all possible expressions of an expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expr   expr

test:  ensures that the versioned date of an exploration is new .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  execute the stk500v2 transformation from the npm via the vi .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  execute   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a url to an ip address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  if   average
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  pick the randomly sampled permutations .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  test   null
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  return the rsa integer that is the stop with the leading iosync or equal to the specified number .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   exponential
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change password of paired cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   users
truth:  reset   a

test:  find all common modules listed in a directory .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  labels   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  change password of an processs datastore .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  change   fix
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes with parent nodes tree nodes with parent in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  three letter code to index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   index

test:  register all built-in codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the graph from the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bbtrig publish trend reports to your builds plugin <copy+to+slave+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict that has a key of the items in the given key .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update an object using the given attribute .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  update   create
truth:  save   a

test:  return a list of feature-based productions .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   kernel

test:  parse the reactor device .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  some pure bytes .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  like   doc
truth:  null   negation

test:  given integers or byte1byte2 etc .
truth: as above . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new vm by name the default endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  make   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  run windows only through the specified command line options .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  determine the config class or negative paths class as an program[episode_count] or negative integer representing the aws registry .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a list of available zones for the given profile cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   list
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a ec2 alias name given a key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to the user the actual page .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  redirect   redirects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect all the submodules of the given package and return a list of scope modules which have a submodules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  handle   set
truth:  to   null

test:  get tvdb yieldable based on a sphere matrix .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  get   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  load a csr value coercion .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture providing a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset set magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set the ip .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  set   stubs
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns binary representation of the native native native .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name of the portage segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   policy

test:  convert a jenkins integer to offset and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  to   alias

test:  send an internet 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a vpc vpc options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  replace html or xml entities in an html string with a single space .
truth: from url . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  strip and return the contents of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  string   string

test:  given the given apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  if   null
truth:  running   running

test:  convert value to int or int .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an object to a s3 location to this port so that the next milestone to the overlaps .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie player player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  retrieves the template definitions for each template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  template   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove an data['ttl'] record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  change the model class to the user version of some docstring .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  change   check
truth:  given   a

test:  valid python module names .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  give   null

test:  reset a subsystem of a subsystem state without checking its unique data .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  decorator to require user to staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  to   view
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct a user .
truth: remove message . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if headers is websocket than the given headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a list of the dictionaries in the atom .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wsgiapp - runs tests .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  -   point
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling max .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a form for a form .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   oauth
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the combined error can be strings .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the index of a pyobject engine this function finds the index in a given object .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function to filter names from all patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pattern
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows offset based float environment variables based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  list libraries for all libraries in nested .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  get the github url of the current object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and allowed .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test that pointing to help on python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   implements
truth:  test   test

test:  second during the multivariate domain .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   part

test:  simple workflow to get a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add an users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  add   user

test:  retrieve user object from the email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   a

test:  replace extra number to make the kerberos api .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   run
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  random hue in a module .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a temporary file and return a temp directory .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  open   a
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry execution to execute the result for a oslos hand .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  make   f
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current socket .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of processes .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load an alternate path from po files .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  missing   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits with a string of option dtype .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   error
truth:  record   record

test:  returns a dict of tensorflow entities with a mimetype .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  checks that a sorted iterator is a context .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the guest create spec id before the virtual virtual disk from vm to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns the unicode characters as string preceded by a terminal python code in the given encoding .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  convert python source string to integer form of seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  extract the system b exactly one or more iterables components of the screen parameter b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   calculate
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the shared signature signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  make   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the estimated robust array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  factor square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] for square-free f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return uid .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the user model for use in the request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  performs a point in the label model .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   label
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema object or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used by cms register to access a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  marks an existing mobile object to the given url .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  marks   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the virtual pkg module if the os is solaris .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parses a given filename from filename .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  writes the other layers to each csv file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   get
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert a string to a python dictionary .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to check the decorated function .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  document   run
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  return   return

test:  true threads since line: activation .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  sleep   long
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  concatenated with an arbitrary number of circular type versus .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads the running video by its unique output .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email utility used globally test send a template to send send email .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the registry running users registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get a list of pre-check .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get files to be used for interval uploaded files .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  profile   start
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path to the test data file for which a test currently installed .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when json is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute description]def query .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  request   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filters the region or not found .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hashing hash of the specified hashing .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule plus rule | rule minus rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   field_id
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean the controlling index .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  takes the information from the or sql server which should be done as a single line .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the current url to the vcenter .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the lines to download the .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  return   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  trash/*' tensorboard and nvidia-process if available parameters text : a running instance of tensorflow tensorflow session .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  close   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  apply the function to the default threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  func   func

test:  add a review to a hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string to a boolean string .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   python

test:  create a client .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse an input string .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively copy the files that can be written to the specified glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  if   generator
truth:  walk   null

test:  calculates the wcs trophytype index .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  calculates   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the nth moment for the given iterable .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register command completion .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  running   a
truth:  update   update

test:  the metadata for an object type .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  deprecated: crows function in a string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  format   find
truth:  is   input

test:  registers lag to concatenated .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  null   up
truth:  construct   null

test:  return list of all files from a package .
truth: by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the given variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  associate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   security
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address into an int .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  given   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  compile a module and compile it to another .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  content   function
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library resources .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  check that attribute formats all values in 1 .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  check   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  add a new ui to the converter of a converter .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  add   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to make the memory from an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   working
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a device is created should be run on one cluster node only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all registered actions in the given template .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  find a server from a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the conjugate of a matrix examples .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for equal correction with expected equal to expected .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  parse the datasets command line arguments passed to environment variables .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   data

test:  ensure the rdp configuration and disabled functions are disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  disable   null

test:  run a function in a datastore transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_two_params
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored before the c reader .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this is only available to backwards compatibility .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serialize and encodes a string using base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  pickle   a

test:  combines the given theano and merge plugins into the dict .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  convert   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return true if this name is a power of .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   check

test:  filter out which hosts and revised markers are comments .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write a buffer to the queue .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  filter metadata and return true if all bugs are not a list .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   open
truth:  accept   accept

test:  list keyspace in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  list   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the key value from the database .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  clean up the default root server .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  count the number of chunks in a directed folder .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  return an closest path to the directory for the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add an error if were not a particular error .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return an array of data type from numpy array packed dtypes .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  construct the tree from the tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   add
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an unique join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  in: is not too cgroups .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   information

test:  close any "+git handler .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns a list of page links for a single .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  ensure   print
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for tests which are allowed to be a edges .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile error with u"`in'needsatleast .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the vector of x along with a given number of positive integers .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute an max structuring points .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  rebuild   function
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns a ctypes .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  renders the default quotes for sequences .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  record   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  calls both okay and credentials ones .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  convert a certain math to a file using an equivalent .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for caching methods with a been added .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns whether the specified port is set to a given server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception representing tied constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  compares   function
truth:  make   null

test:  get the value .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file path is a html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get secret_key of your app access control environment variable .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  get   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  the main loop of integer traffic .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make a call to the user after the time after the forwarded tests .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   effect
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  read a template .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  filter   helper
truth:  require   a

test:  return the difference between vectors .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade or update string/codeblock 'fuzzy .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   runs
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  determine if the specified htpasswd of the local minion can be installed on this minion cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the number of terms .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  registers all temporary files in the config file .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename relative to a file path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the locate database cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  update   update

test:  last implementation of python .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the value for a query string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  update   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns whether obj is deleted .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if a user is following a list of users .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a test and write it to the test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get imports modules .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  get   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a sequential gaussian array with a given number of boundaries: or a proper struct format = empty response .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find out any extra partitions on a class .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  find   connectivity
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  gets a blob key string .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  project   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  update an existing mapping volumes to an existing mapping .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit data as epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds an email to the trail function .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  calculates a ask for the given enum b .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager for current cluster in cribbed .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  find the current index file with a filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternative implementation of theano .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of a single column .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the value is a generator .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   html
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given a string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the system name currently used by the locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a list of all visible visible .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  to   list
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a tuple of the given image name .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  scales   image
truth:  given   a

test:  yield the contents of the files in a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  yield   get
truth:  null   a

test:  find the given block using the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  raise synchronized if helper does not raise *exc* .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the translation thread setting .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   get

test:  return a path to salt states cli example: .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  only decorator for funcname: a function extension .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the current time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  fill an object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  search   explict
truth:  null   frequency

test:  this function is called to generate a valid password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  access config to amazon master config .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  host   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create conf[u'dbname .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of cpus and their ssh metric operations .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if an archive is useful enough to see if we can query .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a server starts with a server .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return the current service .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a medias plugin to the json #285 tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  votes_by_user from git commands to extract the machine .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list default profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  return the results of a postgres server cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  yield multiple substring definitions for use in order .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a binary string as base64 with no trailing newline .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  append all revno/revid to docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  wrap   docker
truth:  to   prefix

test:  create a 5-minute lat .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  retrieve   reload
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap and receive a boolean spherical attribute into a clients .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native type .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead attribute-based volume using corners products within each occurance .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   field

test:  module page .
truth: module view . 
test:  view   page
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return the technical traceback object .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  if   get
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert complex into an expression .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns the event of a cuda event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inverse of the image components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given a curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  find declaratively mm mm alphabet of a gaussian distribution .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  find   function
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the capped mean squared mean .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  function to return a string of any given ascii character .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write unique elements for a table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  takes a request and returned by its parameters .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  format   decodes
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save the letter into separate files with the apps .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   pass
truth:  write   image

test:  return an initialized connection variable connected to ldap ldap questions .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  check   config
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  create a random xor hash .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if any existing dag is up to the existing dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  if   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   like
truth:  get   arguments

test:  decodes string using option .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a nested listing for a nested graph .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  walk   tree

test:  convert a file data to a subtensor dataset .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  removed   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current process .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with egg .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   check
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make sure the right properties works correctly .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  make   type
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns another integer name .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if an existing compiler is importable and returns the whole node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the inventory from available on this system .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  download a disk data .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   api

test:  returns the path to .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives a cross order to train it for current model .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  like log(det(m)) .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  applies   replaces
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  wrap a function so that the decorated function is not yet used to capture .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  only load if a name is enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   get
truth:  translates   message

test:  return date from a datetime for the year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the forms authentication and ending of the response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  hash   verifies
truth:  parse   a

test:  custom issues are read issues from a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  null   script
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of current instance id .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the multiple vector together .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  get all the example example files in a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   seed
truth:  yield   elements

test:  process test cases will fail when been changed .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  process   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  create enum upgrade column names .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorate a function to be called before setting it is called .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser a specific user .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  download   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if the named vm is contain any errors that can be executed before the minion cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  migrates   return
truth:  send   a

test:  solves integer equation for the vm + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a list of desktop modules formats it gets marked as a .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  returns   variables
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  preprocess an image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  represent the current backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  constructs   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if gitpython module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write xlsxwriter .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  write   run
truth:  run   run

test:  convert an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the unicode representation of a text string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path of the alternate operations .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  if   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check files in the service path .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through spend for an air-by-date system .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   size
truth:  return   return

test:  compute default cluster range for two order .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  default   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  takes the shape of the array indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  plots the default overlay of data .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  break   feature
truth:  load   load

test:  return a prefslang based on passed code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  parses a pattern wildcard .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  register   register

test:  get the number of discrete through the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert elements of nelements to tuples .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   list
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the disk disk disk to the desired filesystem .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fake the repository directory .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the line corresponding to the split line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  echo one or multiple failed to the database .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this script first/last list based on the configuration .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return status for original use in a *error* .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  change   a

test:  an array of mnist and return a sparse matrix .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  array   routine
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return internet lines .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  multivariate   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the comparative sample sample file .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  add an email to new email address .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   null
truth:  request   request

test:  check if a scalar position of the scalar at the specified frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a pathname is under the pathname .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  verify   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test that data can be created from hypersearch .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  save the json file with the filename used to create a temporary file .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we know about csv file .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  print an error record for each dns record type or an error record .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a lashed gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  broadcast networks and a s6 copy of ip addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  define   get
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a file path to the server cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch from git callback .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  fetch   setup
truth:  make   null

test:  raise a lost bluetooth with the selected bluetooth address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pair   validate
truth:  null   null

test:  this sets a unhandled thread name .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  runs tests if were running .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  is   null

test:  read from filename .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  provides   content
truth:  content   content

test:  test that this function does not have a ask for all but not .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to be installed at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an xml string from the xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   stmts
truth:  null   null

test:  called when an ipython extension is started .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  tear   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return number of security group in the security groups .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  rules   rules

test:  waits for each time when multiple labels will be rendered .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   influence

test:  flush the remote tunnel to disk .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test the clickableimage against the autocomplete_query win32 with a mismatch that the target number and y .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the files that make sure the master .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  list   list
truth:  set   up

test:  attempt to find the extension in the given number of seconds .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  check if c is usually of c .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shear the numpy image with each image .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  iterates   images
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where all the parameters is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media key .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  run all timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  function for upgrade upgrade upgrade or write spaces into one .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  update   attachment_specs
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: perf_100nsec_timer check files in build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  small_stmt : minus integer | minus stmt .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  simple paragraph of tuples .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  redirect or create a new language object .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  resolves resolves to 1 and returns the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id from the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  concatenates   api
truth:  persist   a

test:  return the contents of a tarball to a single crontab for writing writing images .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a test test file path .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the line number of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   override
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a float to a text3d object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a dict of default values for use in dump/parse .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write an md5 hash of a buffer .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  write   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  open a multipart :func:subprocess .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  document   nodes
truth:  receive   messages

test:  determine if two words are in the same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  sets the "'memmap set .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   resize
truth:  set   set

test:  decodes a receipt from the receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check for a beacon system is available for the root system .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  null   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  inverse of an array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   display
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the class name for the specified type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to declare that the decorated function calls to be called via http decorator .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  to   permission
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show timeline info of a type .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  mentions   timeline
truth:  display   users

test:  checks if the ipv4 address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  same as list_option but for multivaluedict modules .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the trailing number of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get the given infer method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  decorate   sample
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the basic basic happy-path test for hug apis using coroutine .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given subscribers stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  utility function to parse and parse the url data .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the list of selected django 1 .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  a cookie that ensures that all the tests in the path; dict and prepends the sql environment variable .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  download   download

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become used to determine if spaces may be used .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the number of all kinds reachable for this machine .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call in an object with a passed object .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the nodes of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current jinja setting for the given jinja .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  ask   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  get the module to download config file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like obj .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  obj   try
truth:  null   helper

test:  perform no table -> handle .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  like   a
truth:  to   try

test:  write numbers to a list .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   float
truth:  takes   null

test:  check for service status .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns text annotations as a public key .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to the **boto connection with the old modules .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  load a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  load   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if* .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert an address in network packed bytes to network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a list of tuples in order .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  tokenize   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  because an int is given a string with a number of numbers .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  null   str
truth:  insert   insert

test:  landing page .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if '/var/lib/tftpboot'elif is installed .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test mne color properly .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  control   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the full systems altaz is consistent and that the correct systems will make sure the correct does not operations .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   str
truth:  see   null

test:  get or create attributes from the given attributes .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   null

test:  if you want to get factors with python related debug term .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  if   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a given character array to an character sql character .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   quote
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  uses host tools to fetch from the vm force : host name to the proxy .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  use   use

test:  check that the certificate registry is the default auth registry .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  content   set
truth:  see   null

test:  convert denominators to site_url .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  convert   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  just create folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  store   get
truth:  remove   a

test:  calls permalink with the same content as baserepresenter .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  reverse   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the 'af' language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   s
truth:  require   null

test:  find the n-dimensional number of function using the scenario .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  take   logs
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single client .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  make   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  provides   template
truth:  insert   a

test:  make ccpr plots and chunk of its axes .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  sampling   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  add failed to the beginning of a future environment .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   nzb

test:  disable an archive .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  test whether the given version is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  test   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generates a list of "improves" .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   implementation
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  determine whether the repository for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from a certificate .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  null   check
truth:  given   null

test:  the address is initialized in parallel mode .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  provided   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the mixed class supports migration .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  view   html
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of directories in the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a model can be set model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculate the list of 1 .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  log   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  true if the given node is valid .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  if   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   query
truth:  query   query

test:  filter the platform string format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  filter   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a ros-legal random integer .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpot predict function outputs a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list of tuples to the element that an element will give it as strings .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a sequence of low sizes into chunks of bytes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read 64bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   32bit
truth:  read   64bit

test:  allow for django to spam system and remove a draft registrations from the user .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  allow   information
truth:  landing   page

test:  indented a space .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   text
truth:  given   a

test:  parse architecture date string into a pair .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the list of all the installed results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  write   a
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new entity based on a watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of all containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file path into a datastore path .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gradient gradient descent for a specific ndarray .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses an hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert enbedded bytes to strings encoded in strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  execute a two points between a two individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this will build a new user model representing the users amount of cybersource users cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an ipv4 domain name from the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the creation of extensions that have been initialized correctly .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   try
truth:  test   test

test:  returns default footer hooks for given footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  retrieve   link
truth:  append   a

test:  returns a list of unread objects for use in javascript .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  lookup   a

test:  serve the standard error helper function .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  is   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   read
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the text for the given node or downloaded .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  return   return

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   ping
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the default spider class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a context manager used in the configuration .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert an integer to a single varint to the native bit values .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  a document that parses and returns a basic document as string .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if source is likely to be ignored .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  source   validates
truth:  to   function

test:  concatenate the given lists to the new line .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  join   new
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns all {'all does not exist on a subsection and adapts dates to a given block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the specified vector .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a file from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  read source spaces from a unicode space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  read   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a segment inverse first_front .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the process .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  creates a new header in iso fashion .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper to start a default gui .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create and coaches a pretty print all actions added to the collection .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  make   null
truth:  read   read

test:  cfb f so that it does not sleep it exists .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  shutdown a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   return
truth:  halt   a

test:  return the json representation of the given node .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  display   display

test:  load the modules home directory .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the given value to the new location .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   musicbrainz
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  dashboard the given comment to spam .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  name   tomcat
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  on a file .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror and ioerror running minions .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper to update a hash using a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  changes the command to a new command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  to   read
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting int into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the name is enabled under ps cli example: .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  return the correct database for the amazon user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  find   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get all the activities in the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  get   username
truth:  return   return

test:  build an model goal that contains only one .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  filter   character
truth:  try   try

test:  function to set the current request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test if an telnet socket is a socket .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate a numpy array of inputs .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of instances that are matching the given node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  string   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverts the given exploration to the given exploration status .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  reverts   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  parses valid element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   replaces
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the varnish bytes and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  run   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  upload an image to a given image if it exists .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  null   api

test:  for a list of whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   like
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start to run the start with the application .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  run all house plans .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  control   null
truth:  run   example

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the given host to remove host the user to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  zero exception is expected .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that a new spider is created at a given request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get the current ping cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  open   open

test:  configures source strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  content   transcripts
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the metadata for a phonenumber object in the specified phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert a bit speed into a packed date string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  iterate over all text in a readable format .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  null   a

test:  get a unix timestamp according to the given hour .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads the random api token from a app .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the differences of an array of nodes in the given list of nodes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing values in fill_values column should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to redirect out an existing student for precise .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parses an http *url* header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the specificity accuracy of standard class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  a simple way to make the directory .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a list of sparseseries to nt .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   show
truth:  convert   nt

test:  create a new adderror instance containing all further and then all of its entries .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable uses get_value and set_value to swap the values stored in the specified shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur when collection is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the current instance associated with an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  ensure that a users cart args: username: - test view .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  view   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a node for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  retrieve   settings
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the first word in status is a applescript .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a dns value to millisecond .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks at either a given matrix or from objecttype: .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  convert data in multiple fastq files to multiple fastq file args: directory returns: parsed fastq dict of data type string or property file name to the conversion of data structure
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   copies
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the log moments moments for log files .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that calculate_changes returns certain changes to the supplied state .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a wildcard is allowed to the series of ints .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  is   null

test:  register the module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  creates a temporary topic that will save the post forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the machine hub server .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of error function kei(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  returns   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return package map the ]result[flowgram map file map the sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  normalize partial array space separated by orthonormalizes a trivial parameter space .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   num

test:  the json page interface - parse option .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark and copying the predictions for a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that adds "cookie" to the nltk of a corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  get   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  creates a new app .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  clean   flask
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   test
truth:  are   models

test:  assign a form value to the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  start a bit upstart status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  start   neutron
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a bottle application from a module .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a metadata-schema type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that we can be used to evaluate on a pickle pickle hook .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   overrides
truth:  null   null

test:  produce one or validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip error option .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  allocate   arguments
truth:  null   vpc

test:  test that download_file gives a valueerror when a bad button .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add default with given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   default
truth:  add   user

test:  return the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return log bound to log .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  return   log
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  initialize the standard signal handler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  get the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get fixed counts in group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  get   python
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a wsgi-compatible array of circular mean along the given axis .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  return   confidence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  takes a chunk of normalized vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  takes   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  show details of an ldap file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  show   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a random string of "b" .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   returns
truth:  fake   version

test:  return the graph for an infinite range .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   expression
truth:  return   return

test:  register a new service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   object
truth:  register   a

test:  convert 3 added to function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find nodes in a search for the given content type .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   convention
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from the requestor .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  returns a list of objects with the given id .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a qrectf object to a list of tuples .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  overrides a specific report for a given letter type and end type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  search for cygwin script that consider script with a script .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  prints a the buffer to a static stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a keyword criterion to each campaign already exists .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write filename to a file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  write   a
truth:  open   open

test:  returns the current markdown extension .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   return
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dummy context for all configuration variables .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  changes   include
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any validation until either calls or fail .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  builds the specified block block representation of the block .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  return   struct
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup configuration file for ~/ .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find the document tree for the given node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the failed file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return partition information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  report   report

test:  convert the nested list to tuples .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  display the list of bytes .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  display   a
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a posix character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  formats a number to string according to the given locale and returns the number of places as a string with places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  request   reset
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  stop all the containers that should be considered as win .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return the current state the system state will be checked on windows cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  return   works
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  get   a

test:  single transaction ps for a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the number of unique bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists in the given cache cluster .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true if the given object is a generator function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build the grains of a template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  generates   render
truth:  config   config

test:  dynamically load class class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  return a block of names for a block of polynomials .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  find   fixes
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that the provided template exists .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test filtering of a large value .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders that are created during the tests created by the test .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  make a class instance from a class .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  build   build

test:  serve the permission .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  guess to the object with the given name .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  to   method
truth:  function   function

test:  test that targets are instantiated and check whether we havent been verified .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   get
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a dict of registering items from fully qualified name .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  creates a url and passes it to the tool .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the global translation object .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  parsing   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  python 2 and 3 compatible version .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  wrap   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  apply the data contained in a nice address .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  process   validate
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the facebook automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temporary function of iis model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  mean   derivative
truth:  do   one

test:  given a mime mime type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create a new http header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return all that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   backups

test:  expected hints for the unit denominator .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  null   service
truth:  assuming   z

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get a reset namespaces or raise an exception if the user can be met .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  place   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a list of all the current database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  make sure the device loads the sample sync to newly .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  concatenated linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   return
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert a json image description to a python int .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the new account manager parameters host : a new user name of the .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy files and extract using files .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  files   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current utc current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted according to the given currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform n_steps *data* read from given image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   calculate
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a single requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add the checksum to the path .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract and add an kind to an kind .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach option for a new network spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  wraps debugging in function where there is some exceptions that may get tried in them .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  utility method to convert a tuple to a tuple .
truth: print returns . 
test:  null   output
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that all packages are built and the whitelist .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  check   type
truth:  if   test

test:  convert a pcs string to encryption string .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split the url into a mount path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   contacts
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a certificate under a given public key .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  creates   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct documents correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  testing .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  are   iterator
truth:  does   null

test:  coerce a pil/pillow to the given value of the given value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification requests .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  nmi mutual matrix notes clusters between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  index   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write a vector to a file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   version

test:  so that the posform needed to send the entropy .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a fast way to determine if the current dir is a numeric .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  files   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid arguments disassociate id .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  used instead of an image .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  used   a
truth:  use   use

test:  compute the integer expansion of the l**p of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the determinant of the wishart of the determinant of a wishart the specified parameters .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build builds build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of names and their names to an nx-api datastore .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   configs
truth:  gets   null

test:  make sure two elements are equal .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  log   duplicate
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the identifying of the given cryptovariable .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  compares   null

test:  return the true if the first one is found .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  process   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters associated with a given datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  convert a host to a list .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  host   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  sign power function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  sign   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  run the main test suite .
truth: gui test . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   names
truth:  return   return

test:  update the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  start start rule at the beginning of a component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  start   posts
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from once from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  delete the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the instance to use for the the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   details

test:  once is installed .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replaced and replaced stream using the data for the given stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  print   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  turns a list .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all entry attributes .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   find
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculate all otu data retrieved for each otu table args: value: a list of otu which are in an iterable of metadata file for each otu table of otu metadata
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  combines   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  return an iterator which yields a more qualified input .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  change the named user .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  known   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a binary string from the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single space or unicode strings postscript to make sure that it contains the spanning escaped .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   list
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a ec2 security group and updates it to passed security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  return   function
truth:  authorize   network

test:  format the given tool with the given tooltip and 3 level of the remote node .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the list of dicts that are not the given string .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  count   lists
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns time in eg timezone .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  calculates the proper mutual estimator .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  calculates   sandwich
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey will be consistent when the tests to create a safe migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: github-notifier upload files back to the build .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the ip address from a http ip address .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  returns a pickled pickle instance .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  serialize temporary directory to secure config file with ip addresses .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if course needs to be required for a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format html string with list of tuples .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks to support for facet nontrivial -- at position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the cross test to ensure the function exists .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a formatted timezone of seconds since utc .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors implements an email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  -   null
truth:  null   contributors

test:  returns an array of normally values .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders index page .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  derive the transpose specification .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  support   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  logs and :func:uri_for .
truth: log out . 
test:  sign   alternative
truth:  log   log

test:  get index on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  count   media
truth:  index   index

test:  return the new array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the user is found .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   a
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given drop name the named failedtoremovedatabase{ .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if interface is currently being executed .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   current
truth:  to   checks

test:  fetches http error .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  print all available bokehjs files .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   information

test:  returns parsed config from s3 file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that columns can be ignored and lead to make sure that the inverse of optsemi .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   subreddits
truth:  test   test

test:  wraps a string argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the rackspace['username'] driver name for the current region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return elements of sequence to values .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  expands   a
truth:  value   value

test:  iterate over the subtype .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  facebook   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the list of files required to the master .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  package   package

test:  returns a bad list of variables required to be a bad value .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   up

test:  also work for incdiagonalsubtensor .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether sleep button can be disabled when power is on or off if power failure" cache .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  install bugs with invalidcommand .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  install   uninstall
truth:  handle   osx

test:  configure the locale .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return list of unique ip addresses given the os grain .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  call a request at scopes request names based on scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all available sdk modules .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if the function is supported as supported and skips the function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  captures all of the pending keys will be registered .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  update the context metadata for a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get a tuple of stored on the system cli example: .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current time name .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  provides   in
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  given   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format a string like standardized for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   return
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  execute a function call with a timeout .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  confs is a resolved master package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  is   a
truth:  place   place

test:  check logical docstring docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   something

test:  check if the user has permission to do a certain action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   type
truth:  if   null

test:  transform dataframe by ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  dataframe   flocker
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure cookiecutter() app works with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  make   test
truth:  call   call

test:  return current column within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  redirect   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a iscsi from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the disk config file to which a proxy instance object is used as an instance .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return the rank for the pionter .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return a list of disk partitions for a given file .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  test text stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   logarithmic
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  format a lhs header string and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  filtering   strips
truth:  null   lhs

test:  check that an error raised if data line can be provided .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  make   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert an packed byte array to an packed byte array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  null   row

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do some rel="nofollow" for the given node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer and a slice object into a resourcecontainer object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add users to an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  add   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  run a pandas sql from the existing pandas database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a four integer array to an integer array .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  returns the url to another route url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  to   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of rate creation on the server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  convert value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test if arg is a string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  formats a django namespace to be updated .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  string   string

test:  select two events .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  float   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interface .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test if an unknown metadata can be set up to spaces .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes in x remove join() that are regex postgresql to workers with the x remove useless .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the top instance according to top if config is installed .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get complex x_i by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a unique hash of the given salted .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a new in-memory cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  create   return
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a single refresh .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  retrieve   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of test modules for all test modules .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  the version of bokeh currently checked out returns: str : the server string .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  null   like
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new instance and add it to user .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a 64-bit integer representing the given type type of objects in by-reference .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   core

test:  return the mutual log from the statemachine parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  get the cherrypy done from the request .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  display   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a commandlineinterface instance from a libvirtlivemigratedata .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check backup metadata for a file .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks of the row x_i by the weeks term w .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches all feedback message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  return true iff settings are present .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  return   up
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode the given string with base64 tag into base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  check a complete file used for a file in ready .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  renames a lineage in given mode via a specific notification example .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test merging of legacy directories .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  check for index in an index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  checking   matches
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test if given base base base base base class is a class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream to a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  test that .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  test   null
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a new role object .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check that the vlan interface is valid .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  writes one or more iterables .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create initial directories for child directories .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the name is a function that you can temporarily add a substring name .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   modules
truth:  import   import

test:  create an rpm lookup function .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns the cumulative column of the graph .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a requests request based on an alternate response .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  if   install
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the modules used in the config .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  ensure that we are on c modules stored in the indicated state .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string from a datetime or negative value .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   validation

test:  return whether obj is an item .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string to be used in a memcache .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  calls   function
truth:  explode   null

test:  returns a list of the servers is after the given managed name the name of the managed managed .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  take a reduced chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the trimmed clusters matching two ratio .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test a cursor for test cases when creating an object .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  apply pathnames of subtitle to crop .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  swap   integer
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the list of fields of given object .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  gets   data
truth:  return   a

test:  return the inet options for a given interface .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  given   filters

test:  start a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  verify the string elements off of cmd .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   self

test:  set the jamming connection to lock .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  ask   function
truth:  time   time

test:  recursively get the timezone of a timezone tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  email email before confirmation .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  email   a
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new window .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  create   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is related to a phone number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parent of the process for the given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  retrieve   parent
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a bipartite matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  {wd the style style style class .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  check the output size in get_tuple_coords implementation with celery celery .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   null
truth:  is   null

test:  extract the environment variables from an xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all added files which have a requesters node in the given node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get date .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of ssh processes .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of the namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  rebuild   benchmark
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the versions of the config file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  step rules are in the 'ion' .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  execute last last slash of the datasink .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  execute   new
truth:  run   run

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  unset   node
truth:  like   node

test:  view used to edit form of the constructor .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  view   snapshot
truth:  configures   configures

test:  run a template .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable the proxied repository .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  return   a

test:  quote words starting at most recency_msecs .
truth: like zip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  find the resource found under a given resource name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a file size in byte to human natural representation .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  returns   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list of contents of files for each item in a model .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type check .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  ensures that the current dashboard have already been added; .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  set the name of the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  set   state
truth:  clear   null

test:  return true if there are a numpy array forms .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for which the namespace is the same ftperrors .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an astral to a unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  convert   identification
truth:  object   object

test:  get the name of a new mouse .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   up

test:  convenience function to search a string for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent --> the variable:: and marketplace .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  files   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  the training data as a tuple containing the indicated data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the module is loaded .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test whether article is surface for surface .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  convert an rpc-safe datetime value to a datetime value .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively remove the directory path .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns a top images that is available .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  import an rsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   elements
truth:  finds   elements

test:  does not contain a status cli example: .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  update the number of data vote from the given future question votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   return
truth:  keep   null

test:  never use xml loop .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the space separated response headers to http response headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  writes and update rpc-server from a given path .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  given executable in this for executable .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: game trigger the event for the event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the ascii value in bytes .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  chisquare the h distribution function .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  compute   trace
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the tcp sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of cadf values used by command-line .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   set
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generate the *h* .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a new function that can be executed .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively find the name of the python source file if directory refers to cause a package .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   clones

test:  stop a service via stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to require that the current user is a collection editor if theres a collection editor is assigned to the recorded user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  stop a running connection .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  build os-dependent environment vars .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  build   attempt
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a notification object .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if runtimeerror is none .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict from a dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a base-36 binary representation of the binary string .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  create unique index in schema .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure all mercurial plugin works .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  like   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from a destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convenience function to check a string .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  register an extension code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  register   get
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse vlan and ranges in a list of vlan .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  interpret   a

test:  update the current editor identified by the database in .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  update   time
truth:  called   null

test:  logs a single url at the given minion .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  logs   tasks
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return status for group .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   current

test:  make a random data line without the same args .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the name of this sdk to use .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  a view that returns and as a json response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the cached source file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the progress_precent exit loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  set up logger for the the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  return the checker in the system .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  apply   source
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  mark a elasticache connection connection .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  to   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if apf python bindings are installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release the list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  generate a unique key from a datastore .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieves member from a user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return adjacency communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the aes cipher object into a new byte string .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  all elements of a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if fs is stock or post .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  resets the safe socket .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  resets   method
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return true if the filename is a user-defined code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the maximum of an existing sub environment .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we can generate a baseline executable in the system .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of patterns explorations explorations with the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  creates the connections of the user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  assign quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  null   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return the number of jobs .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert the uncommented algorithm into used in k[x] to usable in k[x] .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  perform a module array of the given mle and t .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  sets up service account for interquartile .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the polygon graph from the first list of nodes .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  returns   =
truth:  construct   null

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield the size of the data in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters from source .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generates   source
truth:  returns   a

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  run   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert a tuple of rgb values to rgb values .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays order onto the product of an order .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  shows   authentication
truth:  to   null

test:  sends an submitted message when a job was posted .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  send   mail
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree and returns a dictionary .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure that no gone is in reverse state .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  make   close
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  a helper for creating a user .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove repeated elements .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  returns a sequence of elements in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  count   count

test:  expands ]allowed index .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  drop   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  check if the domain is a 'kbforum-post-min' .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  if   tempfile
truth:  null   helper

test:  set all the logging lines in dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  set   json
truth:  return   return

test:  import the module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   check
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   event

test:  creates a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create and write files .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formats a list of human-readable strings into a proper string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  formats   list
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a config in the specified config dictionary .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  converts   role
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the specifics component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails generates the jenkins :jenkins-wikidocker grails mappings requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a windows pair from the registry .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like safe .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  like   version
truth:  open   a

test:  checks for python2 .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  encode a new contributors for a given snapshot .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  header   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the multivaluedicts switches .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with a custom filename .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  load a python module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the currently active window for the current thread .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if a user is authorized to be logged via an existing authentication .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  doctesting everything and salt from the given perf_100nsec_timer .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  migrate   access
truth:  log   history

test:  calculates an index from a tuple of numbers .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates a module if description is already set .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  potentially an exception when compiled option .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  is   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks whether a numpy array .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  tries to scroll an element with element with element with xunitparser .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get smoking/lung data .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  stream   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  structurize for the abi file handle frames .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  given a number of digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  given   a
truth:  test   test

test:  helper for _qsympify_sequence to convert tokens to a list .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  null   force
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  returns the default storage directory path .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  function   function

test:  conditional function of html version of html (b) .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   str
truth:  to   null

test:  for use in triple-double-quoted .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   something

test:  assert that a validator item is errors correctly that doesnt have any error message .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  given a string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the protobuf number of first two impulse components .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  block   a
truth:  show   image

test:  quick page .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  a hex version of url to the valid filename with a simple greeting .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test 180 180 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  see   null

test:  get text for the unicode text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  rewrite the imports to spherical translation .
truth: internal function . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a dictionary of boot object to a list of boot objects .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the named container .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   chocolatey
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  get the gradient of a volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  if   function
truth:  correct   correct

test:  downloads the notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if logger is a package and installs the module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  given a model class .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  are   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return rendered status to access django .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compute the correct debug function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a valid identity object .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  given   quota
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection connection id .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return default rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  process   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  set hierarchy for mac this resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  set   find
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a path exists .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  check   a
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all keyspaces in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   permissions

test:  whether a folder is a file .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string or raise .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an array like arr but with arr permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a versioned node to a telling node .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   name
truth:  convert   a

test:  replacement for the application .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  add to dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source matches in the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  strips redundant quotes inside stripping space .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  provides the arguments that use the arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  setup   argument

test:  outside a string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  fake   fake

test:  make a successful xml element in the form site .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  make   try
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the number of seconds since ident test .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  return   s
truth:  signal   signal

test:  get a bson error number .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   code
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: resource wrapper for the emulator plugin sends constructed to the build failure .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   one
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that adds a user to the current editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   a

test:  convert hex string to python list .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the user name for a user .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an file_map message against a platform: server .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   a
truth:  email   email

test:  the inverse of a string for pythons word .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the repo pointed to the repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert lists to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph that can be used in the msbuild read <= trying to 2 .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of topics which should be within another document .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of calls for the given mean and attribute strings .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert a dictionary to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fix and concatenate the model score score to performs the rows that is given to the image .
truth: train model . 
test:  clip   a
truth:  model   model

test:  release a mongodb xml to a declared non-editable .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  read   a

test:  set up data for mixed pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  set   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  make an array to make sure the empty argument is specified .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   get
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  modify a list of arg strings to a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  ensures   return
truth:  joins   a

test:  simple way to find the lexer code for insert it isnt an arbitrary lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  is   source
truth:  code   code

test:  returns latest packages for which latest packages is stored .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a column of original table which is not found .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  run the default dependencies and return a working instance .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  disables   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements that can be used to get the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the task is enabled .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  null   =
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to set the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  extract the request data in /queues .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a list of method/test flow flow flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   checks
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that a value is an integer and an integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of the given user activity dashboard activity dashboard count .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file at sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  specified   null

test:  compute infinite-capacity fresnel see :func:_access_rule .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  compute   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  importing to run only the default stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  displays   commands
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validate and return a flag e .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shuts   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  return the generalized term of a built-in function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert string to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the data to a usable indicating the filtering fileobj data to use .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  get   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return the path to the package that is unable to find a .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  search   package
truth:  gather   details

test:  a kill to check python method .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  hide   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a def .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  note   in

test:  turn a reg object into a kind of data .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  test searchcommand .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  test   command
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that duplicate messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   markup
truth:  test   test

test:  when a single file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process show version using establish .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  applies   show
truth:  show   show

test:  extract the command from the environment as a list of aliases .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload normalization of projectresource to another cluster .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  -   -

test:  make sure report raises the right answer when not use 'precisionrecallf .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the given name is importable .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  visit   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a wrapper to skip tests with the name of a backend backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a specific dashboard .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  return a unique path to the row .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  duplicates   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  encode the user to inject with our arguments .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  null   call
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check to see if rbenv is installed and rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences in statsmodels .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch an archive into a file .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  using   a
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty order id for sort order and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  fill the unsupported column of the points in a csc/csr column .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  fill   calculate
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  computes coefficient for rfc 210x160x3 .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  produce   a

test:  creates a new drilldown aggregate .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  purge the named jobs from the postgres jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  fixes   return
truth:  called   in

test:  loads fully qualified into a class instance instance .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  takes   astroid
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold value for each pixel .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   return
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return all activities available for the given user and query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   username
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a multi-line string of and does the following: - converts newlines to a single line - strips all line - stripped file before and after the response .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  decode   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the errorclasses attribute and deals with errorclasses correctly .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  called   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns for a task name .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  password   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  uses a process handler to arguments: pid : str .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns a tuple to the event cache for the request .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a list of the elements in the accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the url for the given module and chapter .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a files absolute path to a file .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the maximum edit distance between strings .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply dictionary mapping of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  modify   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string referring to an json-compatible file .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   fix
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if a particular dependencies is installed and the other modules .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  if   close
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: convert publish code as build step extension plugin <blame+upstream+committers+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the files is a salt:// or created .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list the files for a single space .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve the appropriate usage for a given user and create a dictionary .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  extracts the list of variables within a given string and outputs tested against: from those inputs .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording configuration for rpc .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   try
truth:  start   recording

test:  will delete the blog count contained in the lsa passed in .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a new public size .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  generates   binary
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton [z] of n .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  get a list of unique elements from a collection .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  disk image types are used to determine image with a given format will determine where the image will reside within the format .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  loads a list of all empty directories associated with a given file .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the file id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a new draft as complete .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  create   int
truth:  null   a

test:  check the both statements in a policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that an object is true or false .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a databases string to a fixed dictionary .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  write   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  sort' attempts to return requests for modules -- post .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert enbedded where we have a numpy degree to serialize .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to scan the patch device .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  unicode   helper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  attempt to clean a directory on disk .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  to   up
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  helper function to preprocess a temporary file on a temporary file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  null   function
truth:  process   process

test:  checks for a request .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  makes a mapping of default signal for the list of regular expressions or common prefix .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  return   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a new virtual ip by the given vm and run a new one .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  there is at the number of bytes in the order .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a path from a path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  decode   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an protected on the given namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  calling an struct for a capital object with a byte string .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  provides single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only run this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  run   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get a list of available colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bubble each element in an array at a to pick the number of sequences .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return the relative path of the radon .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of namedtuples for this system .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for either active application or published error class .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  get   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  check parsing hash for epoch .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  tests   message
truth:  default   default

test:  get the linting service notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the dht sensor .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  is the resolver preferred method of every address and set within combination .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  is   check
truth:  resolve   null

test:  helper method to easily parse an page url .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the postgresql to remove file .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  plot legend for image urllib .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get a python object to be used with the given class methods .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  get   get

test:  migrate version of importing from the database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  migrate   name
truth:  import   a

test:  for a matplotlib spline segments .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   bti
truth:  return   return

test:  get all available files .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  get   options
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a path to a invalid instance .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  given   a
truth:  has   null

test:  convert a posix object to the list of messages name .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  publish   null

test:  send an email to each channel .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects image source in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   prints
truth:  detects   logos

test:  apply a function to a function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  apply   formatted
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate discrete factorial features that are discrete .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the cpu cpu fields on the system .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  parses a number .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  get   response
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a valid libcloud is fully associated with a valid libcloud .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  callback for removing infinite config options .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a x509 if it does not exist .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  process   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy the temporary directory by temporary directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a generator that ensures the links back in the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  download   download

test:  find a regex using ?\\d* fourier transform .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  find best-matching put the json page of a dict .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   home

test:  select a list of sequences in the accepted database .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a buffer with frames replaced by buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  resets the cuda subsystem .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a python array to a string for use in order to convert original form .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   whitespace
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  send a request to the tool shed to retrieve the tool shed corresponding to retrieve the readme for a repository defined by the received tool shed page and owner information
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return key on the system entries cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the leaf .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   cluster
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  convert a system extension to a preview string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  let   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the mode] immediately .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   null
truth:  base   base

test:  decode a generator of permission to the open socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  decode   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get all filters or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id selector with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  calls the connection to the queue .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random length from list of versions .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of an organization group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy source_path to empty and return our module .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   up
truth:  copies   a

test:  convert a string or offset to int .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  return   try
truth:  turn   a

test:  get a mapping from the "thing" .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  filter   info
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send the command to seed the linux event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  warning   send
truth:  show   system

test:  creates a plugin that serves .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   link

test:  creates a temporary directory that creates a temporary directory and set it to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a set of graph libguestfs for all attributes .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  given   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add srcpath in srcpath as resource .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   op
truth:  update   update

test:  loads one product or more document files found in bases .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign and assign an incompatible module into the provided module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all tests in the following tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  force a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  list the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  download   packages

test:  returns the default value .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a logic way to return the new parent view for the given parent view .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  show the value of a cluster .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  show   get
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reset the user to generate a users secret for the user .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  notify   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  test   information
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - not being visible .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to the current page .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  returns loss .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of opportunitys .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   element

test:  returns rendered form based on the form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively test that previously one after a git .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  requested   put
truth:  manage   paths

test:  return the key for the memcache .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   entity

test:  return a list of the post modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all known plugins in all available descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the script script according to the same script as a dict .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and deserialize text .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  download   sets
truth:  create   create

test:  batch a new sum of a file .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  perform   generator
truth:  splits   x

test:  convert a source image to a unit number .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper function to construct a mtips\n graph that contains the given cursor .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  function   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create and initialize a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a workflow method that describes the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  adds urls for the given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  injects   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  fixture to support tests from the system .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current code in a http merge .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits of the expected process .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  delete user this handler will project the dashboard on web page .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  loads and returns a module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the current date in a datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes minimum coefficient of n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  inverts version of glusterfs decorator .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper function to create a function with single component characters .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  function   a
truth:  match   match

test:  queries files in the filesystem stats for all processes that have a given cluster stats .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  increment   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test send vector data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  providing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return list of fully qualified traceback representing hyperlinks .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical publish builds at the build .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the scenario has least one with another scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  make   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the main support and returns the content type .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  dont load anything .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  the leading monomial .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query and store it in the rest server .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  import and return sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  null   load
truth:  given   import

test:  verifies that the inverse of key satisfies the trash .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   function
truth:  verify   user

test:  internal interface for every request .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  constructs   a

test:  return an generator containing only from a generator .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a networkx graph from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the user units to the session json string .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  get the list of entity through the first entity .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a module from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  load   a

test:  extract a python style style object from its logical module .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  imports   swap
truth:  handle   handle

test:  configure the google cloud storage token .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an 2else pairs starting at position start in iso format in start in rfc 8601 format .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  sign a string to the breadcrumb .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string representation of the value specified by this module .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit import of a check function we need to ensure that any files that are using explicit import for explicit import import import this function to ensure that
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the url for a file by name .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  return a customercare-format copy of the integers that can be used with the integers .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the default network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  launches   run
truth:  do   null

test:  return a boolean if the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the console console buffer for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  initializes the argparse for determine configuration .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  add the loop from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  loop   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  get a list of fully processes that are sorted by the service same as this function can be removed in this vmware host and returns a list of dicts which
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the list of all zookeeper ips in the host .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns last threads in the thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test magic function .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the currently selected encoding for the given localename .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the axes symbol .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  return   run
truth:  use   in

test:  get the parent of the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  save a docker .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  code   code

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked masked masked column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks to see if a url has a definition for the given url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a context manager that adds items to a sequence of tuples .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   remove
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if the pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns a tuple of comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   a

test:  general api to swap event loop to be a no-op .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a certificate certificate class instance .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs suspend on given node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is used to list and list of all available colors .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   captions
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is the returned object is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  compute id for a complex matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  compute   logarithmic
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  fuzzy utility function to get a list of complete .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  please from available folder node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name of the host data structure .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  assert that value is an array or raise valueerror .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  assert   get
truth:  value   value

test:  compute ;-separated of a eagerly matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the user object .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this looks up an http response headers to determine if the confine should behave an integer .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  always return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates repo from remote system .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many play player .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   attempts
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  returns true iff this tree is an html tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a signature of the secret signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  parse a transactions record for a file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  url   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the set of deprecated functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  hash   name
truth:  return   a

test:  return a cuda driver object .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  given a machine value .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   return

test:  trim the reference to the racadm space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  return   return

test:  utility method to push the latest update in the batchjob in the users too linux wrap=true to run in the users too type_qualifier_list states .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  returns a relative path to a file system and write in .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the encoding for the given according to the system .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  return elementwise isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  return   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that clip_qual_left fit in the expected calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a validator that just raises an exception .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   categorical
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts a course_id string to a base64 .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the output of an unnamed unnamed are in the same state works .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  internal to the docker authentication server .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   get
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of module names from a module name .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the reciprocal before the wang-ryzin count .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize all event with the specified vertical distribution .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  convert a sequence .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object according to the given time .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  get the user for a what a loop has been added to .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the cumulative distribution of y .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  calculate   divmod
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be python .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reset a user to a database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  reset   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve a template from django-pipeline .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the optimal edit distance between 0 .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  return   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  same as reader .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  null   function
truth:  register   register

test:  update file from fabtools .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  processing   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  maps dtype / numpy dtype to statas .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a single string source .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  for each use of the given cache with the list .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  if the feature is connected to a function of many effect .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return preferred environment information encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the given cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a feedback batch message to the status message .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of a peers token the local serf .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a binary image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates serial proxy for the junit port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  require   populate
truth:  config   config

test:  given the dictionary of date/time messages .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  given   a
truth:  is   null

test:  spawns user has the given attachment to the given attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an array of mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the filesystem .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  normalize   delete
truth:  lists   lists

test:  loads all modules from the client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  doctest   find
truth:  load   load

test:  get the default default volume name for this module .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the event for the sequence .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   read
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper to reset user added or fail .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  fill the x intersections for the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a utf-8 encoded string into unicode .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decode   unicode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  convert an absolute path to a given path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  try to send all attachments stored in django database .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  get a current known known known values .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the current numeric repository commands to updates the repository with the given name .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   update

test:  constructs the machine and returns the machine names of the given zone .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  look   parameters
truth:  send   a

test:  given a dictionary containing pairs for snapshots of the image type to apply to a new one .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  given   location
truth:  pick   pick

test:  implement function: input to determine if an object has no members .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  retain   parameters
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language name .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from loop .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a unique name cli example: .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to run a highest-priority create command against information about each port and compilable an preflight cache cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the object from the global sublime pin .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  fetches virtual machines .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  fetches   load
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  add   search
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  change control view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability in the zone .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper around group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert a dictionary to a description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  parse the given javascript and category .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  make   null

test:  trim all of the avatar in thrusting .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  drops   reverse
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp instance from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  return   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the module with the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   build
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find the best under the given totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  running   running

test:  convenience method to write the cache file to a cached file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  forget a task from the given value .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  initialize   count
truth:  module   module

test:  reload reload a python known type .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  raises the databases with the given path this is restricted to remove the database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the urls matches the given urls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  does inserting a 2-d langage into account .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  does   map
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  given an iterable of dicts and a list .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  filter   list
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  convert a rar zone name into the inherit .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  check to see if the given method exists .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first element in sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  seq   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a generator for temporary configuration code .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  go through a machine on the value of a specified machine .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get directory to set for writing equal to work with equal v1 .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  get   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  get known records cli example: .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  get   list
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to setup a store_fs where pootle_path and store .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  if   test
truth:  create   a

test:  extract attribute from a single attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  control   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the some math for a pair of a digital subset of bytes .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  copied   running
truth:  null   spline

test:  make sure that pinned_array into an remote_domain: web command line .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  build an history from history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the given package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that [1 replaces monitored correctly .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the user for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if statuscmd is enabled .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  show   show

test:  return a special version of a text string .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  float   formats
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator for a decorator to turn a decorator into a single test .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert the parent directory components into a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  indicate   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  apply text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  set   return
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dictionary into a byte string .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  dictionary   decode
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a list of created object and write it into database object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  c_kn} style .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the arguments passed to the external arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  if   get
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run a process and capture its exit code .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns the name of the current python script .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a launchd service name .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  daemonize is a wrapper around the project .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   close
truth:  run   a

test:  runs a query .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: urlscm uses/requires a plan_id yaml: yaml: bool include-failed-builds: if there are no build for each build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  entry point for all public build in the commandline .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   dict
truth:  point   point

test:  change the query for automatic data .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  slice   columns

test:  returns a indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of existing public projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache a file in the cache .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for marking test cases in scope .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   one
truth:  construct   a

test:  the environment variables used by desktop .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  null   name
truth:  supply   null

test:  return the best variance between two numpy scalars .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this sets all directly to mode .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   attempts
truth:  call   call

test:  you can run a text string to make sure the following code snippet is called .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect an archive to a small client .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  fetch the set of refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the given path with the given params and appends the next params to a variable .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string of datapoints with the named axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  return   array
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  log a query .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  download   a
truth:  query   a

test:  parse the user header into censored header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reverse the numpy array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  to   morlet
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the loss_or_grads for an image .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compresses the dot product of a matrix .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  return   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating html .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  list all registered plugins .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   work
truth:  renders   null

test:  download a socket from sock by sock and return the assignment_operator .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  download   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  calculates the constrained n-th .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  calculates   inverse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all special characters or unicode characters that match any rule .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  unicode conversion of bytes to unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a pushd descriptor to a headerkeydict .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  read   head

test:  translates a list to a json string .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  take   check
truth:  to   null

test:  compute the 'sqrtn' decomposition of the order given the geometric transformation + dimensional decomposition of the second kind .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume advance the iterator 0 .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  get the hours time as a time string .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  example multipart complete .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  view   remove
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing decorator with one colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test whether some shape of address and 1 .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   cross
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about all restrict paths for the given xblock .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test chart option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  convert a mask to a complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  convert   surface
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path does not support symlinks .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   check

test:  determine if a and b are mounted .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  like a b-spline .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  like   command
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is executed .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  removes the given operator .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the windows time service .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  return   start
truth:  start   start

test:  generate a new copy of the request titles .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load the log file-like object from the jitinfo .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   image

test:  convert a floating point string to a float with compiled floats .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a multiplication operator to determine if the locale contains a negative column names .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration declaration .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  display the current python select if the version is present .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  mock   python
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack metadata for a given file .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given disk to the given vm .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  returns a dict .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return all "thing" matches a dictionary of lists .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  look   a
truth:  search   a

test:  write and saves the config file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  given   build
truth:  compress   null

test:  for windows only the requested what this will be used when the firewall path to return the ip address will be considered folder but not built .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  get grouped counts and return them .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  process   a
truth:  form   form

test:  check if english ends with a given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  if   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  validate a user about page and parse it from the google api .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the return data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   like
truth:  if   test

test:  format exception for writing where the 9 will be more information .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  format   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  adds django admin context to the current request .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  test   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  set a bundle namespaces in a django root node .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  set   a
truth:  controls   controls

test:  install hook in the filepath to open settings .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  hook   add
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an object with the list of public ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a user handler that first .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves first differential equations : float32 or the order of mu groups .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   function
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the pexpect high to match the output of show ip int .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  disable   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require setuptools from a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   running
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first letter of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   a
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix note: currently very expensive examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  retrieves all indexers in a given vm .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  retrieves   status
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  construct a function by the keyword argument map .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  see if a volume exists .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   return
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls that uses the proper section section section section sitemap urls that uses the
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  make a series of items from the series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  return first occurence and line in the given word .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  create a new computenode and populates the capacity table with the most recent values .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of module commands for logging in the given directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate that utf-8 is supplied .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified country calling code for a non-geographical country calling text for the specified region to display .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  passport - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   a
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add ids to the beginning of the given logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the genslices quadrature nodes .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert expressions from iso 8601 notation to utc .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   inverse

test:  parses the information from a grains of the local node .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  extract   one
truth:  report   report

test:  generates the javascript version for each version number of the version .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  want   a
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: ini' this plugin allows you to define a build step from 'recreate' .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario through all creating the specified scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test for numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  issue   issue

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  detects   path
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on q .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  null   url
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to python dummy .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   bson
truth:  decode   a

test:  step form of sun type .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  implements   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  show a referrers specification for a module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  add vector3 to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   markup
truth:  add   add

test:  simple installable of namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  parse   parse

test:  checks the given response 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run a sql query and return its result cli example: .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy the parser to a given python source file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  unpacks   apostrophe
truth:  persist   parser

test:  helper for simultaneous .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  list all python modules under the whitelist .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  checks   validates
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create an rpc instance from the configuration .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  build   configuration
truth:  get   a

test:  change package folder .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  create   scale
truth:  open   svg

test:  unpack a generator which returns chunks from a sequence of nodes as a generator .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the modules and column number for the given node .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  model   return
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars vertexes to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get a com object for the given interface .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  flush out a pem certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a certain files in the given bucket and return the first one that the files that should be removed .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  returns the cached webshell for the given source code .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  preface   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  select user info .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  moves the right portion of the p39 method calls .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  m   m

test:  return true if and only if the users to be read .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   up
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator which produces a unittest method or method is called .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over all python files .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   pairs
truth:  iterate   null

test:  reads the mongodb configuration variables .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a unique widgets of standard widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  mask the authed array to seed .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  mask   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the enum outputs config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  attributes   list
truth:  validate   children

test:  main entry point .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  point   point
truth:  create   create

test:  return the filename of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded raster image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a directory containing all greyscale report .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  print   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  maps an attribute to a valid gettext message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper for defining extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   check
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  get the archivable object and add it to the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a history file .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a tuple with the supplied image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator for the n bytes from parts .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the python process of the event memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  null   memory

test:  return a list of events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   restart
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a mongodb instance jboss_config config object .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend for an instance .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a dictionary mapping .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  call view with logging based on columns of django .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  log   log

test:  replace windows and braces with example: .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  text   text

test:  return the database that the current request should recreate the given url .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  if   connect
truth:  create   database

test:  returns a list of all the rvm for the given version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  update   rvm

test:  compute the absolute robust for a .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect an streams to standard streams and possibly to none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  redirect   a

test:  given a path value .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates an documentation header for each section in the given section .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  creates   use
truth:  annotate   a

test:  update the status of a course .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  update   add
truth:  add   in

test:  quote the lines of a single line .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  null   text
truth:  strip   strip

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  return bounding memory from a given column .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes singular variables along a function of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  add a new notebook cell to the notebook cell cell .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a tuple of checkresult and user_obj which should be used for permission checks checks if the given user is supported .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  overly imports from an ssh scenario .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix a module name from the python module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  fixes   fixes
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is called only when the user presses an event on .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the user to the directory that is not already in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get valid container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  float   null
truth:  get   container

test:  decorator that injects the migrations of the provided xml element with a uuid .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine whether given distribution is installed in user packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  go through the system and return a handle to the specified author .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two dicts are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  null   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a leading attribute string from value .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  converted a url or a url or a url or .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  prompt   like
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add a list .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   new
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a new form record for the admin form that has passed to the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return list of errors that will be found in the given error limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  get   return
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  run the local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a json command using the remount umbrella if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  try   try

test:  find the rsa cipher in the background atom .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  find   show
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if a sound has a 16-bit or a unit .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   works
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if a cloudformation has been downloaded .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify calling lookup between strings on the same strings .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  file   file
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  a shortcut for the specified device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  null   transformation
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the definition['name'] types and trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  provides the known service .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a callback for log and add it to the console system .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  returns true if the given string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copies a sequence of http subsets string to a searchparams proto .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  query   query

test:  remove a prerequisite milestone associated with the given content key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  validate the encoding used by a codec and return its codecs module .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  compares   up
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the exception object for the given error .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  returns   exception
truth:  to   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of property elements of an arbitrary property using the given number .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   column
truth:  need   need

test:  a view to dump the site headers .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  dumps   display
truth:  render   a

test:  run a user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  calculate the smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add or remove a new query string .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  add   delete
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  expose each string in numbers or raise a boolean containing a dictionary .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  given a file of the points .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load every page namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element functions .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  renames the errorwhilerenaming'{ and will not exist .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   up
truth:  source   source

test:  formats a neighbor to a file or equal .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   configuration
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the list of trackinfo for the given version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handler to the path if request exists .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  request   get
truth:  raise   null

test:  test the fix for #4350 where empty field matches with a leading b on py3 .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string argument associated with data .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if string is valid .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  returns   whitespace
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that compilation of list1 types are properly handled .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a formatted symbol for a given token .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the details for a vm object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception in additive_expression .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  produces a floating point number in ascii representation .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  null   string
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts a list of tuples from a pci requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  reads a file contents .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the objects that will prevent any email with the given gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return 1 from each transfer of integers between [0 .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  a context manager that ensures that the current warnings should be inferred at least one or android .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  receives   generate
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove everything under any button in the tree .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  to   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  internal api is not being exposed .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  is   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  create a new target profiler .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the metadata in currently selected collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  fake   version

test:  simple inode info from the system and pads it on the node to a dictionary .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   null
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  task to 'cog' .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  take   -
truth:  build   html

test:  utility function to get date for a given month date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  function   function
truth:  extract   date

test:  api: execution to handle the hex parameter .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  uses *sequences* bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  uses   length
truth:  null   null

test:  compile the compiler compiler for all child directories in the given ada1 .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  retrieves the setting of a template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the list of regions in a country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a python libcloud image .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the monitor will use this function filters .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  interfaces the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in the class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns latest version info from freebsd .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return two dicts for a list of dictionaries .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  do   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns a random string of the randomly generated choices .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a string of unicode strings .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  convert   device
truth:  returns   a

test:  errcheck a new descent error for the given pool .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  append   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a bokeh header content .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  remove   information
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary for the iterates layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given src .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the frej of a time series with the order n .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  sample   equation
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the traffic server module .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  get   new
truth:  look   in

test:  build a json representation of a list of mappings for all mappings .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast works correctly .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   utility
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the length of a kaiser kaiser of a kaiser curve .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  return a unicode string corresponding to the given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a file return true if latest and storage was possible .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an appropriate lazy key from a given series of scope an appropriate lazy .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast string or byte string to bytes .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  cast   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to add a mobile api to plugincontext .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  to   null
truth:  save   null

test:  print the host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate constructor using constructor and constructor arguments as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for change .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   doctype
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the number of megacycles used by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any privileges to del_chunks in the correct string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  convert   scale
truth:  string   string

test:  fetch through staging for staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  renames   try
truth:  files   files

test:  require the project0 .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  get   project
truth:  require   null

test:  the controller domain from the given interval .
truth: train a model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse a response data into a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get svn docs for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  iterate   one
truth:  changes   changes

test:  convert windows .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  repeat   function
truth:  null   opposite

test:  kurtosis the observed distribution function for testing data .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in seconds .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  return   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  prompt whether a given value exists and skiptest the default suffix for a show .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  prompts   null

test:  output with a random image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  test   test

test:  all tags should apply to the scenario with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a namespace parses tag tag and returns a list of a properties names and their names .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parses   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns url from an url corresponding to a url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  url   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if currently installed packages .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   check

test:  enables should return sys .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of markdown extensions that are available .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the extension of an interactive coordinate .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   layer

test:  sends a response with a given context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  turn   default
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns the average and values for a given step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  factory function for creating a hash .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if a media user is part of the given creator .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a mock test suite for use with a bokeh test .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  if properly registered .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  extend   list
truth:  show   show

test:  prints common pagination results .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user and check that the subtree is not equal to the given use_gridspec .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compute that ***subscription*** .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  check   point
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  parse the namespace inspect .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create and configure functionality under identical applications .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  create   axes
truth:  run   run

test:  compute a set of resource nodes for all the logarithmic table .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  compute   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  clears the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   convolution
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the current axes key for the leaves or raise an exception if no axes was done .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  set   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return synonyms status file .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  construct and return owner'] information for a particular type .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email after email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  rewrite a new registration .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  override the default model .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  get the 'afloatisrequired' value .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  the path components are assigned to make sure the same path will fail silently .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a vfs settings given a string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  grc data into list .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a file into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  build a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  add   a

test:  same as being a list of comic .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  matplotlib a matplotlib name .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a dictionary representation of the given vm subscribes the dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  model   model

test:  takes a certain api cache and l{deferred} on the datastore .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  download   download

test:  checking users .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   users

test:  turns ordereddict types into plots el .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replace the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get a list of text with the origin text in a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a an internal container policy from a container policy policy policy name of the salt cloud storage container headers to check for a container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  get   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the channel for the specified character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns lines of source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  returns the value of the words in a simple random .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the gluster module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sends id to a template .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts an domain name and returns the rest server .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns no website website type .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  implement nrt_decref b with the given module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  call   call

test:  the kwarg dataset fails when the table doesnt dependent on the filesystem .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the completion of all loaded files are included by the object .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  rebulk rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test _path_info() .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  marks a test as raised if authenticate is raised .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  true if a given node is a (c) pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  match   a

test:  returns true if this like a host .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  return predefined results for command execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  convert the given image name to a structuring image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random random random string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses a list of fake files .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add a pretty printer for a type specified by the type rather than the type rather than 2 .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller @todo: why - all empty controller @todo: action button to create .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute single mean between each non-negative mean and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  wrapper for byte strings to opener .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new two imported from one half .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  create   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to json .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add configuration from a site in the bench .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   command
truth:  add   custom

test:  if html .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge two dictionaries by adding new dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   a

test:  helper function to determine if the '{scheme} are configured yet or method .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide a filename so that it exists .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that entry_points list is parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a schema object in the trigger definition .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a partial .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check that the websocket response is a given category .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  list   x
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a prosite entry at expasy in html format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize a sequence of dicts to a generator instance .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  serialize   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the default filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  default   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a formatted connection with the given protocol .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  display   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the install machines the proxied device end and the first one that works .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  server   function
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the __dict__ limit .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  change   change
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main entry point .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  loop   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get the number of minimum tmux .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  place place under migration control and raises an error if the database is not in them .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return code object for would use any native text in an object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  list all the all the keys in all available languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   value
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  convert a template element to a string of parsed html element .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all consistency .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines of .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a group id .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the current deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  if module is installed in .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  module   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get rid of os words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parse parse results file from flat chars .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  creates metrics from the current proxies .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  minify   +

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  make sure the given class is tells the given snapshots of tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   a
truth:  analyze   a

test:  step upgrade function .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  step   returns
truth:  used   null

test:  return information about the openerp version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a gem user is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test installing a file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  like horizontal .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  like   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  call the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds environ parameters required for testing .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert an array or a matrix to the same row as the worker normal distribution .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  build element that are not loaded on this linux distribution .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  if a backend is not builtin to another backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   function
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that hugs nullable types works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get base64 information .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory and returns its final log lines that is directly to that is closed on a file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  null   file
truth:  open   temporary

test:  get an object from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  to   load
truth:  load   a

test:  translates the python tree to the current tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the path .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a optparse option and an integer .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  given   parses
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  build the configuration for the user to build a new config file .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  build   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns a list of concept items in xpath .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  hash   custom
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper function that initializes color function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  profile   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format metadata about the line .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  format   a
truth:  read   a

test:  setup virtualenv for the site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  help   help

test:  check the zmq buffer in zmq 8280 .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  check   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined tuple .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the default summary of the current window .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate that the input parameter is a boolean or x .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validate   s
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns whether the strings in a payload are equal to a single actionerror strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  sum the isfortran of a matrix to the index of the first elements of the matrix .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   x
truth:  compute   norm

test:  helper method to find a resource from a resource in the none if the parent is none .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  escape markdown object into markdown instance .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves an order order differential equation with order coefficients using the first substitution u_2 + variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns errors type string .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  create   get
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a '/usr/local/' finite + program[id] .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  removes the given hooks for a given course .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   implementation
truth:  extract   null

test:  collector command line .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   module
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  take a list of theano python source and return the object .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  take   pull
truth:  returns   a

test:  partition connection with low expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  interpret   check
truth:  split   operator

test:  new new message form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  compare two statuses .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  if   whitespace
truth:  return   return

test:  this method is called before using default paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string argument .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  if   check

test:  expression_opt : expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   keychain_items
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the updates gradient for each tkinter a list of updates .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  watch   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  return dict of links to use in dynamic footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of store products .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   reload
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize rowcount .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  update   tables
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a style amount of order amount by the order specified as an order .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  place   place

test:  collect a list of top-level for all installed tcl classes .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test column filtering .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the md5 hash of the string s .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   hash
truth:  compute   compute

test:  email email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   rfc
truth:  email   email

test:  get the data for the specified data .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  get   null
truth:  run   run

test:  a: -> int adds a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  unpause   helper
truth:  null   integer

test:  used to ignore a resource - used by cms .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  provides   information
truth:  return   a

test:  download all the command from the commandline .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   a
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  keyword arguments with a function .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  used for deleting a tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  put   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  inject the root password to match the filesystem into a root password fs is retrieved from a root password into the path to the base file .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  serialize the device saved objects from the given file saved .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  test   a
truth:  read   in

test:  load the appropriate plugin of kind art for a given app .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  set   set

test:  only works on windows systems with the pki powershell module installed .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  works   null
truth:  load   load

test:  copy the given volume to a file .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  comment: get or set the alias of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  control   new
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convenience method for vertically to block an lists of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  creates new sailthru in cookie .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  connect to a query that appends the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the cholesky pdf of an grayscale image .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check if the named file is a package or later cli example: .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns whether the named dict is set to debug .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  utility function to format the name according to a flat name .
truth: if present . 
test:  constructs   unicode
truth:  present   null

test:  return path to the relative domain for a given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information on the given object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list currently configured groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a vector with the data points and return it .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  is   vector3
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in a prefix .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get user info .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  returns an event class for certain unittest class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  get the document for a given slug .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  print the github sql server or python dispatcher and an object .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  print   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  verify a tie subclass corresponding to the given decoding .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  raises a document if given document can permission dont raise frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  wraps a getter name in a cascading document with called .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  wraps   documentation
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a dictionary of data and then outputs it as an object .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the json representation of the response .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  returns   json

test:  return the time actions that are represented by the specified command .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  return   start
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is valid set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  invoke a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to create and expand sparse learn .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   class
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  the default budget_bundle_kit will check the type of a given type .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates and returns a random document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  series parallel series .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a given axis with the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return users using validation function .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  return   function
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to get a new database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   connect
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  takes a string for start with bytes .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the unmark for the given task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the last location of the password .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get the temporary directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new module names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus console .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  filter content from a tuple .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  content   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a polynomial of f with respect to a polynomial .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will put the disk process when combined is called from another process config .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  filter   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  change the action state .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  change   a
truth:  set   state

test:  find the minimum node in the list with negative node node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  displays the pagination of all pages .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  convert a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  round   a

test:  a decorator for connecting to the plugin_type_identifier .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  project   project

test:  wrapper around np .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return true if f ends in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  download data to a file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  make the virtual environment .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the standard deviation for each module .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  removes a list of users on the system .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  commit   configures
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  null   release
truth:  release   release

test:  check a blob to spam .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  check   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns a new task that can be used to generate a new task .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  calculates the gcd of each element in a and y .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  calculates   tan
truth:  null   distance

test:  create a special string from a filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined -> sucess output .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the pixel element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  process   get
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  used   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  update an argument spec for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  update   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  if the glob for the given path matches the current expression .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  tests   tests

test:  maps a url and return the response body string .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  retrieve   set
truth:  validate   validate

test:  basic resolver for all the self-serve resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test new region method .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  calling   reset
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   date

test:  set debconf header based on provider .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a dict of parameters for a key of the specified parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  returns   pretty
truth:  sign   sign

test:  extend after initialize state_changed models and fire event to callback .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  to   null

test:  converts a transformation to a vfs xml .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  do a index .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run tests for the group tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  watching   method
truth:  run   run

test:  logarithmic logarithmic loss read parts of an first element .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  logarithmic   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns a dict representing cohorted team details of the cohorted team .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  string   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the default handlers according to the configuration .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  group queries against an active config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  bench   bench

test:  resolves a valid remote host for the user to a space according to the default backend .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  scans   validate
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  the absolute path of a module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  uses a varint class to convert a buffer to an number of keys .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets the system facts from system .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return numpy array .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show the loop and right page with .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   info

test:  generate a random string of testing characters .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  returns a qicon object .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns the pbkdf2 hash of password according to the given salt .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a time value to the number of days since the stderr python int .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   register

test:  return binary representation of binary coordinates from binary links .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   function

test:  computes the short-time transformation .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  subset an instance of a mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns an ipv6 address contained in an test_copy_transpose address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get operating name from system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  perform n-bit having the setuptools using the expected checkbox .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  perform   broadcast
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the specified application key .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  dictionary   dictionary
truth:  combines   null

test:  create a class subclass .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  main function .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  function   command
truth:  check   syntax

test:  get new triangulated gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  file   file

test:  helper function to make a bem polynomial subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  check whether file exists and system are a user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  does   versions
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns true if the request request request request was in the requested redirection of the requested request request to check cli example: .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a partial array for partial types .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  helper function that ensures that lists of entries .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  driver for matplotlib .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  render   nodes
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json userstory as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  return the shortest centrality for nodes in a single node .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle django html context as a json object .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  handle   set
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instances system_metadata into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  takes   get
truth:  save   properties

test:  compute the float complex points from a deprecationwarning without constant_expression_opt .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  loops   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a command .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  enable   readline

test:  liberally convert from hex string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  null   null

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   work
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to convert a string to a slightly length .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  toggle -> log file object as specified by the passed original exception .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  error   return
truth:  if   null

test:  stop whitespace .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stop   helper
truth:  stops   current

test:  return the id for a scalar .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature feature has more than one scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  apply   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  returns the header corresponding to schemes the request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  if   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of conversion and identity .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots a histogram for an image .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  makes   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  make sure main layer takes an observations of the main layer of the input layer .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  make   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap a .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   return
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the exception limits in a provided directory .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  list   like
truth:  format   a

test:  upload pypi to be tested .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  reverse the scheduler .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  reverse   form
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate commands for the given command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if one of the pending computer checks if the computer is required .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a multipart multipart structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   default
truth:  null   a

test:  force default language code .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  unified   string
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the truth collection can be loaded correctly .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from vcs or absence .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  profile   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  create a valid apikey .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build the build expression for use in order to build expression for launchpad bucket bucket variables .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make a valid datetime or iso8601 date string .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  make   datetime
truth:  given   a

test:  validate commands that are not set .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a pytree pattern node and all the content types which will match the pattern .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  make sure that any two sequences are met before the same .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  make   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  butterworth -> int(math .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  executes a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the series of entries and return their 64-bit header pairs from the series .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker control on a node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  construct a numpy array in a .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary to one that has been configured .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of queue() groups associated with the specified subnet .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shows the path from the specified filesystem .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  change   get
truth:  prepend   null

test:  update user creating an email .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  restore ext2 field and restore the current collection field to collections .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  shows all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be automatically deleted for your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  shows   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a tag is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  enables whether the digraph for the given sgemv is not .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  fixes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute sign and shift coefficients for zero .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  sign   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the logging for the main logger .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  restores   handler
truth:  use   use

test:  the current mode of a particular type .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  convert a source file to a read model .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  used   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that "checkerboard" returns a screenshot function authorizes the corresponding focus .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  determine the necessary stub for tf stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  takes a list of windows middle and returns a new location .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  select   null

test:  determines whether facebook has facebook notification graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test the crows method in a instruction .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  github   github

test:  returns an unique name of the specified python module .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  write doctest .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  write   lines
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the entire commands .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  detect   seed
truth:  error   error

test:  check if a user query query string is created .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  test the built-in servererror error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  read   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  take a slice and a slice .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  take   function
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - restful crud controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   events

test:  decode a movie from the system .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix client and extract interesting data into system that every log line is a wrapper format .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from java' file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test un-called for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   reload
truth:  set   set

test:  support user to ha user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract the html state from the supplied deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  set text on tokens .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  draw   packages
truth:  select   null

test:  create a cookie from the webapp config via the wsgi application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  initialise   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  pad the multiple region for a given '>'return .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  pad   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get expr in string format .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  expr   formats
truth:  string   string

test:  note that we can note that we will need to clear the cache files .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   list
truth:  clear   null

test:  performs a mako summary of iterable summary .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  override   null
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return the items in times .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the disk size of the file named by f .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  converts   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts a function in name for opening an module .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test if a x is numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   numpy

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as a decorator to be set .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for inserting a groups/clusters to be suitable for rel="nofollow" .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write to a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  get a script string for some summary of a script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  get   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a package with two editable freeze .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of events dictionary of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  return   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  there is a link to delete all links that was committed this with the hostname to an instance .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  link   link
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  generates an iterator over a symbol and returns an iterator of trying to its p-value .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  return true if the event was generated .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   event

test:  the buffer path list .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the default group of the specific user user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   return
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a string containing a config file .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all translation and remove the system .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the index from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  index   home
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a string encoded alphabet text into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the cached files .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns an ns-package .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all the users titles .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   a

test:  if workflow is available .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string warning message if the python version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple with the indicated and kwargs .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  creates a link from source directory like source or its path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  efficiently generate representation of a list of namedtuples strings .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that passing and passing the representation of one is modified .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  map an image priority .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a lexer for all classes .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the options line and return the first line .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  highlights a disk ip .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  translate   rest

test:  deletes a bucket from s3 and store it come from the given config .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  get question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  question   authentication
truth:  ask   user

test:  checks for number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the given timezone + timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert instance .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  the entry point for :func:id_srand .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  remove a constructor callback .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to strip a markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  a simple tasks .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  apply a system to expr in the expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  apply   checks
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test the same subclasses by theano around the basic version number .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extraordinary minion that should contain certain classes to let let the module is part of this module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a random string of a random sampling noise the same length by the sampling definiteness cpus to vector[i] the same length of radius under the size of the stable
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  creates   array
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  create a list of raw statements at the given statements based on the []other and generate the given statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  copy info about a container account from a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  patch   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for marking a function or method abstract .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the number of active image .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  enqueue the accumulated events in scheduler .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a document to a contributors form .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  save the standard example .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  save   state

test:  convert a number in bytes to a human readable format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a test running this function .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   run

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  function   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given username .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  produces the page of the addon message for the current addon items .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest list for the specified repository revision defined by the received repository revision .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  convenience function to easily add an object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  -   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that the value of the qtable info regression is added to the expected value .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get new binding occurances from ]month - a list of date']end header .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  send new openid response for a series .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  checks   handle
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes named action .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   steps

test:  converts expr in expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  ascii   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  return the version of the flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the function for setting the default xthreaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   function
truth:  func   func

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  twilio backend tests .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  search   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reads a packet number to a given url .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  gather   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create an rpc script for a service on the application .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  create   runs
truth:  access   access

test:  determine if setting is a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get all the parent directory containing the path to the directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  perform a expand for an open array .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  perform   attempt
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to install a remote system .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  to   return
truth:  command   command

test:  return the cert read from an accounts .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 l2 polynomial lim over a list of polynomials .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the given string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  is   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the loop of a complex polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the mysql has a database that checks instantiates driver cannot import .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  return   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  wrap the u function so the wrapper for the webob controller is configurable .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  is   a

test:  sort the given video key for the given key .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all the levels frames from the local home dir .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  emulate   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  send fast wrt wrt to the supplied shape .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   password
truth:  give   null

test:  a decorator that caused the decorated function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more items from the queue return a quantity and the queue cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  adds an arbitrary backend to the datastore .
truth: input data . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  input   data

test:  run the value of a function signature and whether or not already exist in provided database .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a directory with a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the gpg sdk sdk by the current minion cli example: .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a entry-point factory to run a single requirement type .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check whether or not we can remove multiple classes from os .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  wraps   array
truth:  format   a

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   a

test:  provide object that should be an object using base64 .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  given   null

test:  potential a system of energy and/or rigidbodys .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   energy

test:  flattens a list of columns and copy .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  turns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the system from the iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a job lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  grab   null

test:  filter items from the list of xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator used to skip test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  register pairs from the specified result .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the number of scalars to a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   values

test:  set a list of class types and set of one types .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  unescape   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  inject the directory at the location into the main u'auto' directory .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  open   null
truth:  default   default

test:  hard down the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   crud
truth:  if   null

test:  list available known cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  list   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  validate a secedit auth key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : postfix_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of standard configuration configuration configuration .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for tests .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the percentage of a device .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  change the amount of data to json .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  change   null
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  checks filename to see if .
truth: check slug . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  search for any alpha in python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  project   project

test:  compute the pickleable window for the given migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  parse a given option option to a list of error digest .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  french french for the given parent order to be a list of addresses .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns date for given date or datetime .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  guess   guess

test:  return particular config object for the given package .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   comparison
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing from the structure with the apply trace and _make_decreasing_ohlc values .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a version of users on the master cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the nsview handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this page lists all events to request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   page

test:  measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes a value or string with the given value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  performs   string
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the given data .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return a list of installed images uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if rescoring is enabled .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  if   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  make sure its recorded work-dirs to a class that may always be always work correctly .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look for a proto-prefix: object .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  allow   regression
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  try to convert the returned expression to an expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute skeleton fraction of a given header .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   volume
truth:  compute   harris

test:  format the given constructor with constructor .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  make the dns dns response which will set all the specified question in the given question .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  edit a loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return python package in the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  test   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check if a given server is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  create a inserted alias .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing current byte source file as a byte string .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  location filtered by location .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   session
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry password .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  the lx command outputs returns the current command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   character
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load a ucsc .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   get
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the partial list in list of elements .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   markup
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  show usage information .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  show   null
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  checks for a string .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  return the current transaction .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  get the score and max_score for the ns usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  get   return
truth:  set   set

test:  if the topic forum will log all the entire topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  if   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  z-wave the name of a directory where python source is stored in .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  discover   up
truth:  get   get

test:  open a file containing a set of default content from the directory .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  get a new function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the extension for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the full url of url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: 'goals' abort the ability to provide notifications as build steps instead of waiting for a build to complete .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for a aif .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   version

test:  cast config to the specified config file .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  config   iterator
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  evaluate a comparison expression into a list of status fields .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  short   expression
truth:  return   return

test:  return unicode or bytes to s3 encoded string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that named polar arent an unicode .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  check   check

test:  tests that a modules is equivalent to floats .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  is   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if *obj* is a sequence of the sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : lbrace comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   student

test:  expand an zfs components into the generic sum of the form call .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  expand   change
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that signature checks that the input is an invalid exception .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  determine plot from a 2d volume dialog image .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  find   plot
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  fit the list of numa attributes from the rest api call .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests deb works on dataset .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  whats this module calls .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  test   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  date/time to weeks .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  retry   powers
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  wrapper around core .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  accept the normalized request header by checking if a request was started from .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  accept   try
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a new column of a is true .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  helper to generate a url domain paths with url scores .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if there are any assertion or not .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  if   find
truth:  to   try

test:  update the users information on tree using this tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify weights from url .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  url   function
truth:  classify   null

test:  the 3 functions of n functions .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables in the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  returns all synonyms available on the system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  finds new collection to the collection containing commutative .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  histogram distance for 1:max_dim .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  convert an protobuf protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  same as preprocessing to make a dictionary .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   return
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  return mock version of the default_log_levels version .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  return   null
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a list is iterable and yields a type .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  check that a statusbar is found and none .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  build the default headers .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  null   default
truth:  default   default

test:  see :meth: .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  samples   get
truth:  choose   null

test:  main provider of pooling functions .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  null   test
truth:  files   files

test:  template tag that rfc message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  null   ony
truth:  format   format

test:  get the logger in use by the hadoop when .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' integer .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  given a list of required hierarchical document .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  flatten   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return block information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  stop   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an argument with type field .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns sampling function of a given model parameters x : model name or theano .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  resultant   return
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  flow   scale
truth:  fill   fill

test:  lookup the current thread and return the list of classes that was committed .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the first output line of a line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  locate   name
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  detect the edges from the given graph on filesystem node .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   use
truth:  perform   a

test:  check if two characters are equal .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a previously added state .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  view   null
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the passed path .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  virtual field for pycaffe .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  marks   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  to   hook

test:  minimum string operation uses python expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  split   expression

test:  helper for getting a secure change email address to an email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  check   null
truth:  password   password

test:  block or extend the override information from 180 .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  block   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump product in the product for the given parent is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return the cache if it is false .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  find   query
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict of network as a neatly .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the json representation of a json object type .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  encode the tag and return the bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an absolute path name .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  given   a

test:  remove a directory using old cut_off .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  make   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of all acl keys .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the request .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  return description of feed for an factor string .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the inverse of a matplotlib value .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  null   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: groovy-script upload files to the build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot version >=1 .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the homogeneous between distances and surf .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   surface

test:  a helper function that displays the request environment variable .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  ensure that all examples in tests are not set .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update a mailchimp entry in the supplied tag .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  update   null
truth:  given   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is a file type .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return items in the standard grey type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  return   items
truth:  null   items

test:  internal function to return an html document .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  if   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  if the connection is installed .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute a task for a given task .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  compute   tasks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create the response with the admin transactions .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  mock logical backend for executing the standard python script .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  are   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  test element-wise of a circle .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint function for pandas exception type .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  base   pprint

test:  convert a time unit to timedelta translation .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  returns true if node is subclass of saturated .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  install   null
truth:  require   null

test:  parses a list of -items into a datastore status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a lazy volume to all tests in the collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a uniform encoding to a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a generator of nodes in component of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns a list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  calculates a multinomial .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  calculates   samples
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all defaults .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  convert a dictionary of strings into a class for use in a class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the distance between the output: loss .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  find all the migration migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  loop   list
truth:  null   migration

test:  release a function for printing logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  release   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  create a new email object .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  scans   default
truth:  add   add

test:  return the currently connected to use .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  release a handler reference from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  release   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return mean of an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator that adds carriage object to the sgroup instance .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  check   wrap
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the complete partitions of the graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a list of verifying from db .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  returns   hash
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop workers largest .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a given marketing link is a new marketing link for this process .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  contain the list of multiple entries .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  pprint around numpy .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  get hourly type class for a group of interval .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with specified line .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  operation for portfolio updating disk and redraw .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  centralized   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named vm is in the vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  starts   null

test:  clone the vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  clones   a

test:  checks the error message for access: of code is sent to the specified error .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  assert   error
truth:  to   method

test:  render a single html attributes .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  escapes   unicode_data
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a string with polish from banned .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a github client using github password .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  the gunicorn_django command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   null

test:  we want window _os_identity_api_version .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  round   set
truth:  set   gl

test:  assign a change to objects .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  define   null
truth:  to   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test if an angle was created when a unit at a unit .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure all running tests and flatten within the specified project .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  provides   file
truth:  call   call

test:  check if path is executable and directories .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  expand   create
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a test as being exempt from the given method .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  format   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count words separated by a single space separated by a space separated list .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a group topic message message page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip test unless a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the chapters for the given module .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert raw iosync analog input value to an iosync line .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  available configuration and portage for the current systems .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  close   system
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory exists .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  update   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the specified service is available on the system .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an understandable error from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  when running a activation process for test .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  needed   -
truth:  if   check

test:  compute source variable and ori from a theano expression .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  compute   merge
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a string representing a list of hosts and their escaped parameters .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  takes   a

test:  save the process and list of dicts in the process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  take   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return the number of seconds from a circle-like date .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   pool
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  return the link to and strips an text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  return   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  save an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test purging user using purging .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates a thumbnail versions for an asset .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  traverse ranges nodes in all nodes that implement sched_setscheduler .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  null   append
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory for this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release release for a given future .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  get   fiducials
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the nearest translation script from a github application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  return a dictionary mapping key/value pairs to statistical lookup .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  the rank and those pairs of an iterable .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add or sets attributes to the given value of a dict .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  add   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only for macos with solaris timezonemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   output
truth:  require   null

test:  convert size-string size as string .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   font

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  creates a new test value in the current request .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of all user groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run all of the test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  return the content of the data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns the node node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  search   search

test:  a convenience to load an anonymous task for testing .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fixes the sha contents to new contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  file   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add an existing class:: to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method func <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  format each process in a process .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  format   method
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add a plugin and the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  loops   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns the number of objects currently being verified with the given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate over all items in a breadth-first .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  iterate   read
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the application object .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  run eeg eeg filter used for a single eeg operator .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  run   null
truth:  create   create

test:  transforms a locationglobal matrix to a polygon for all the form of a polygon for sorting .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  transforms   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  find data retrieved from a pull request .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  find   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  checks for raising unusable or not met .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  checks   dictionary
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a list of dicts of size to size .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  return   state
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to parse a text/plain urlencoded urlencoded into the json with a given pair .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  to   read
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return the list of unique filters given a list of utilities ids .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of url for all 'userorappisrequired' .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy numpy array to a numpy numpy implementation .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   list
truth:  transform   a

test:  utility function to get a single random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   calls
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable an entity into entity .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  calculate the value of a records .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  layout   layout

test:  create a character via pcs command resource_id name for the pcs property cibfile include the live cib .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   set

test:  for an email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  keep   user

test:  verify 405 is called even if it already found .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  tell   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the file size .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   size
truth:  return   return

test:  get information about the specified account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  create a network .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pillar to use .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for displaying packages .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  process   parse
truth:  given   null

test:  find the current library that was previously set .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   everything
truth:  to   null

test:  it does upgrade and it intersect if requested .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  extract the full path separator .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  does   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the dayelse contributor counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  rewrite the string at language .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  patched manager for unused the application .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  tests if text is a host name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  detects   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simply calls filters with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  filters   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a file reference to a octal filename .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  using   os

test:  url for a type with something library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   null
truth:  support   support

test:  registers and returns a valid intent .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generates all implementation poly_seq .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the cookie for the current session .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  retrieve data for a python 114 .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove white entries from mapping .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  filters   filters

test:  convert the received coerce values to a json representation .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy implementation of a1 .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  return a list containing all modules below the xblocks statement .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of slices .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   returns
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  find the sleep data files .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   find

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  create an absolute path from a list of paths to match the tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a list of all of the user wiki specific wiki for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   case
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest list for the received repository on the received repository revision table .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  inspect   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an xml tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  override   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get an instance of an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns true or false depending on the given number of prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an oauth file from an oauth file .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  records   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a python tag where the iterator is a position .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along axis every obey morphological estimation .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a file packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  merge model by inserting a trivial model handlers into a dask array .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  defines the cdf from a .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  returns the lock given a given message .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  finalize -> step finalize .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  reverse the wiki revision .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  combine   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if a report is common to the worker order .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  tests   tests

test:  update a single cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  adapted from python 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  adapted   get
truth:  return   return

test:  send and sends a message to a given json .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  send   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks whether a function is called in one of the screen functions .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new enabled api stage returns {deleted: true} if the specified api stage returns true cli example and the respective was not created .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  create   create

test:  console pending console .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  pending   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  recursively delete a dictionary of values .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   payload
truth:  handles   handles

test:  get the message from the device .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the file is in the 011 .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   checks

test:  sorts migrations .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  perform   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return those items in sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  search   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the technique parameter is actually a valid technique .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  inspects   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns: an absolute path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  helper function for tauchens to create a course key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  confine   null

test:  install an external ioloop to match the output of a tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  mark   install
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator for marking a function or a decorator .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  open all or specified cover cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  close   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the named container path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  join   stop
truth:  returns   information

test:  this is a transaction inside the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  is   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to powershell using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get a unique file or raise exception if it doesnt exist .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if the graph is strongly distance in g .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a sequence of sequence bits and returns a list of int bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install the existence of python and installs them .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   python

test:  ensure that a unique disk entry is set .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  changes   function
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all related models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a exit task key to a task key .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  if   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  units should give a list of different values .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  given a host object .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  fixes the '%y' for the given year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  fixes   classification
truth:  validates   validates

test:  annotation string array by rfc entries .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  string   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turn all catch into a rule or none may be converted to .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the revision version of the location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  checks whether the user is authorized to .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   check

test:  compare the info from available ports .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  docstring   list
truth:  puts   null

test:  returns true if config is an video .
truth: return query string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the list of options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  init   parse
truth:  parse   argv

test:  make an lc(f) to reach a loop running .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  fires   a

test:  print all courses in the given course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  print   method
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  opens   output
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of some of the steps are longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  subtract   null

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  down-cast the array string to a numpy array .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  string   maps
truth:  maps   maps

test:  remove all objects from the zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  buckets   a
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the points inside the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the container .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   case

test:  sets async ratings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert im2 with affine images to affine .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   =
truth:  null   null

test:  set the line number of the line numbers given a hyperbolic node .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  set   change
truth:  return   a

test:  generic view for entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  to   method
truth:  null   null

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager that acquires a zip file to be updated at the zip level .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute the system connectivity for a positive integer .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find tests under python python python python tests .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if the specified string is a valid config cookie .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   value
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  returns v that are not between vectors inside the angle between vectors and vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string from the specified number .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if l is an array .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get new text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the admin credentials from admin yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   check
truth:  get   consul

test:  deleting the specified user from the system .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  rebuild matrix to direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  retrieve the facebook instance and return html .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  create a test descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email opt-in a hash .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  normalize classification score .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   similarity

test:  return the url with the authentication url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  return   function
truth:  given   a

test:  validate a string for a number of bytes .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  receive email to be sent .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  email   validate
truth:  runs   runs

test:  true an gh-pages predicate services to be a wx instance .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  produce   checks
truth:  turns   a

test:  train a variant of kahns to the training units using training units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  process   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a wildcards] of all wildcards] .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of an asymmetrical .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluates evaluates normal random variables contained in unnormalized .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  make sure the type of an unknown type is not found .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return true if the object is a version .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plots a profile .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  plots   multiple
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return information about the amount of memory cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show a new hash with the given url .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  show   change
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a string indicating whether an element is working .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  obj   replaces
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'raise'x and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks the http model .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  checks   up
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete an http put image .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  attempt   a

test:  sets a sqlalchemy url for a url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  avoid saving the up the short idmapper outputs .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests the new state of an instance and set it to new state .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  replace   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get a user based on a specific user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if host is allowed and not .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  host   host

test:  check that the requests factory doesnt try to be created .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   create

test:  see enqueue attachments .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  calls   a

test:  creates a list of names of all requirement methods .
truth: version of node . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   version

test:  replace :func:select .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  function   function

test:  make a random queries with small .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  make   a
truth:  index   index

test:  attempts to wrap a new buffer to the specified cert .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  admin view that creates a simple wsgi application .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  yields the given column by monte the memory istatechange on a square matrix .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  modify   image
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file on the master .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generate the track component .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a bytes .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pad a sequence with nested lists .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  sorts the given list of errors sorted by either sorts pairs or errors in sort order .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sorts   returns
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find shape related to compute btrfs @head on array .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for adding a table to an action .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find all frgaments in a {expr}return .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  tells   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  get data from a wav file parameters data : str the relative number of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   load
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check the score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  check   error
truth:  validates   validates

test:  trueassert around inspect .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  rotates   resize
truth:  test   test

test:  element-wise crossentropy between two sequences .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a given device and a partition configuration are valid and wont lead to directory traversal .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  hide   a
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise logistic function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns json for user .
truth: adds site . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  simulate 1 messages at array_like .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  null   product

test:  make sure the length of the first letter .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get the effects for a given gdb .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the items that are associated with parenthesis .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by old replaced .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns the board api page classes for the combination of a page .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  enable profiling that enable profiling during the test .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  enable   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds a queryoptions protobuf to an existing index .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  builds   source
truth:  index   index

test:  return true iff version is a string using these version information in bits8bitpalettemode .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  turns   split
truth:  return   a

test:  build a dictionary of filesystem and options .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  build   filesystem
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update basic auth with users .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  update   parse
truth:  set   set

test:  executes an args for the list of arg .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merges   arg
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the name of the sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the container javascript or flat release would exist .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  return a list of modules in the test suite .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip tests that require hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return string or source file of comment lines .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the process with the given process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a function for the given signal name of the operation .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  get   a

test:  is c a scalar function .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for the given arguments and write the options manager .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   show
truth:  command   command

test:  sets the public key to be refactored .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  append   a
truth:  add   a

test:  lists a file in the user-specified set .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this returns html returned by all students access to the html page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  display   display
truth:  show   show

test:  return the given file contents .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   string
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert <pre> to the corresponding date in degrees of high .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  send file of filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  file   file
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a directory to be inside the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  test relative sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  for each iso format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test the depending on a python port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the current language as a string .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensures the named grafana signal is absent name the unique status message to remove user to write to the type of the state to .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  perform the full real matrix entries .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read in the :class:arrowfactory property file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  log user account using urllib2 that is not constrained to .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator for marking a function or method in marking context .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a file paths to use with python files .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  retrieve the expiry certificate from a certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  process   shell
truth:  return   return

test:  print a message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  print   program
truth:  prints   prints

test:  iqr for a multivariate polynomial in a form .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a hypervisor for given instance .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extracts and parse data from a string .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  disable area ids .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  mask   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a scale of the image .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of versions to pass the list with the specified version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  fetches   versions
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run the test environment .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check if version is installed on or equal to version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   version

test:  convert a name/value integer values to a dict .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of all available values .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  algorithm   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  clean absolute path to absolute path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  clean   wrap
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  tests x .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding a function to a method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the name of the package database .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  get   cci
truth:  determine   null

test:  the catalog selection filter which can be sent to the dictionary .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  execute a "stop" operation on the local machine .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  execute   checking
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  simple wrapper for the variance of a cluster parameters results : array or array_like .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the aes for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  return the user is protected by jinja2 .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  query   query

test:  volunteer type: controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  sets the current filter .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  make   example
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users to the same profile as opposed .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  data['artists'][ <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  open the parent and directory that would exist .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  mark   updates
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a list of all files within git output .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes an unique property case .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  push a github channels in studio subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  updates   works
truth:  sends   a

test:  build all the egg created via a given python directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  find   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  the group with commentable signal .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  try to combine the os .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  url   options
truth:  get   get

test:  try to find and search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  check   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check if python file is a parent directory .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a combined combined modelled .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return true if a is greater than b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  handle trivial cases in subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  trivial   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  returns a list of at least one element of the first element in a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a finder pixel .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of the names of all the roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user id from a group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user template %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user as user_display} things {% user .
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  renders   example
truth:  null   example

test:  takes a list of strings and returns a string .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  decorator to find a iteration .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  to   up
truth:  enable   enable

test:  signature all layers .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  disables   read
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup the script script at specified path .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the script to which the notebook is a script .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  write json normalization normalization on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  write   deseq2vs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checking the expr has been rewritten using f -> f(x) .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  run the version number of the project .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  run   null
truth:  specified   tag

test:  return the length of the object that is a byte string .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the resources resources .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the analyze plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   expression
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  returns a list of indexes to async modules .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current theme .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of individual arrays along any given list of individual numbers .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test mixin table with saved info .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  plugin   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate a string for a mongoreplicasetclient .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  register   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  a decorator to invoke methods with a method .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a parent organisations to the model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  applies a string representation of the given subs string or a python datetime object .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  a view that returns an event view as a json-encoded string .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   handler
truth:  noop   noop

test:  assert a list of strings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  receives all logging epochs .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  run parameters in order to get parameter settings .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  debug   wrap
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get teardrop path from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  profile   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get the current jinja2 environment .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause the given resume .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  unregister   node
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parses the tvdb size and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns a const matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   return
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator to ensure that we are ready to handle .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a list of linodes .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  hide a game for an array .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  perform   version
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute the default video header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  default   build
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validate that an column is double (0) .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  make   return
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  run a check through matplotlib .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  run   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip the frame and column plaintext .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  pull   build
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available in the domain .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  order all the first kind of the given strings .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   version

test:  loads content from an xml element .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  makes current transaction for changes to happen .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  leaves   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return cumulative distribution function for each pixel .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   image

test:  changes a cache value in the headers .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decodes and make json serializable .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compresses   a

test:  return status of a valid digest .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  extract   null

test:  exit uploading script .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  creates   pid

test:  return a dict of network config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a check is present in __salt__ .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  set the changes in the review issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  number of bits given a number of true random number of given number of number of times .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an instance of a given an instance .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns the labels matching the graph with nodes from nodes are on nodes of the given tree but .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  generate a security instance from the rest server .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  assert that an test%rfailed is negative .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  an interactive branch .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  get all administration volume id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   a

test:  moves files or directories from source files .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  files   one
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to change the stderr level stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all certificates .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  render a number exactly the latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  token   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  joins a url which can be used to first urls in the given login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all instance with null instance_type .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of topomap and key: .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the generation of a path .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parse a timestamp string into an interval dictionary .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional basic sampling rect and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a dummy dataset--
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  convert   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a filter of all instructor tasks .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to transforms a method so that columns in a model is a specified type .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  patch to begin .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   create
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the rich measures for the given node .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy a grain from one ftp-instance to another sourcehost .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  given   file
truth:  file   file

test:  this function helps to be used in a main daemon .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  start a task that renders the client sent amount of tasks .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get equation at the dulwich method of input .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  profile   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a mimetype resolves to a file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that the exception is initialized correctly uses premature .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  traverses topic tree to be a dictionary with a subset of sensitive instances and their associated exercises ebs a dictionary of samphub .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  traverses   epochs
truth:  returns   a

test:  serialize object from given object .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  mark   serialize
truth:  null   in

test:  notify an object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all pfx if the pfx should be found .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unload from a javascript variable to be cached .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  access   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate before weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get additional length of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   get

test:  actually create a set of info files found in a given course_id .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending on users that is depending on .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats newlines to a tuple to pass to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  given   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  aux function .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  unregister   create
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  sends email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   a

test:  test socket should create test after an empty table .
truth: if a . 
test:  tests   iterator
truth:  if   a

test:  validates a float value for a positive integer .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  close the microversion metadata header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  close   null
truth:  log   a

test:  when there is cohort .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  to   signal
truth:  emits   a

test:  return the line of distances in file-like object .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  decrypt a resource by name .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  value   value

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if representation of a more than the standard numpy array for inverse - this ensures that the standard representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator that adds any task_state to the response class so that the response will also be cleaned .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  copy all exported into a new .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a string into a default entity and the given host .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that show documentation for version of line .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  show   information
truth:  end   end

test:  remove a blob that resets its encryption after the process .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  file   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect to the data and will catch the server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return true if path does not exist .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   check

test:  upload size of a container with a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version of listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  the rrrather reads an encrypted varblock key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  print a sphinx pair in a renewal web page for testing .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   like
truth:  print   a

test:  format a eta by setting it to the current time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  look   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is f or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts list of blacklisted objects into a yaml string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fill the x intersections for the x .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  add   add

test:  return slice partition from a array of 1-d distribution parameters size : int returns slice from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  exists   array
truth:  slices   slices

test:  decorator for adding the decorated function to a custom attribute .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator for memoizing memoize methods to handle the returned method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  utility method to create a thrifttasktrackerstatuslist response .
truth: takes request . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  request   request

test:  uploads a custom template .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  logs   handler
truth:  null   custom

test:  try to execute the required app .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a file .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get the paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  create a new command_options link and save it to the specified location .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  link   copy
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns all encoding from the glob view file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  is   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  check to see if filename is a full directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a libcloud libcloud .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  take a string and return an object that can be used for demonstration of variety .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return an inline .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   method

test:  verify that a file exists .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  perform float with a given maximum sum .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  preprocessing   package
truth:  null   null

test:  send a test with given message and .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  send   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a hash for an echo parameter .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  create   return
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a polynomial into an polynomial .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  convert   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  check if a string can be cast to a int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the 3600000 precision .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the twitter dance to transform a consumer token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  given a sequence of date values and a string .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the yum group cli example: .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  turn   change
truth:  add   a

test:  return the vdi and associate it .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  replace all png sequences that appear by tagged all-around .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  replace   call
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  similar to an iterable .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all plugins and a list of all plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  change   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the test .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an tag handler from a repository to the vsphere .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  register a clsid that wraps a clsid this function allows you to be globally any class that may or require a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the parent directory path for the current test data directories .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  line the front of the front line .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes syslog-ng .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  scale   elementwise
truth:  null   in

test:  create and return a timeout of twisted logs .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  update the current hash for some hosts .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create simple binding in the jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path is a ldap .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the vector and plot } .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  display   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  open the temporary directory .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  open   fixes
truth:  open   open

test:  return an origin string from a recommended url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   url
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  build an prepared formatted according to params .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys from column of an ordered format descriptions .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  returns a list of attributes of the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience wrapper to expression compatible expression budget_location .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a line or a secure file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   add
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replot the primary namespace related to binddn .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   test
truth:  serializing   null

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  takes   total_seconds
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx decode-url .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   server
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a cib-file dialog for the stonith resource extra_args additional options for creating the stonith normalization of the cib cibfile use cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  creates   entry
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  display   a
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shows a set of images from an plot .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get permalink ids from path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create new task attributes for all task into the table .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train autoencoder and dataset on a single file .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   register
truth:  executes   null

test:  check that table with data values chopped by ascii extent .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  check   text
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of services that are installed but disabled cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  enforce an installed application .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  debug   data
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  check if a temporary variables are debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   function
truth:  get   get

test:  check if user is access to this descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  mail -> returncode test for a django outbox .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  provides   time
truth:  assert   assert

test:  output the return value of a list of strings .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to check for a periodic api .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  raise library when not required .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  error   null
truth:  modify   methods

test:  construct an otu table for the otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  converts   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  suspension reallocation command section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  null   uplink
truth:  null   null

test:  download a dataframe from csv file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  download   null
truth:  load   a

test:  validate external project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   close
truth:  ensure   null

test:  gets whether a version of acceptable version is valid .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if there is installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  test homepage that remains private .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   p
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  download a file based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  download   method
truth:  define   a

test:  looks for the path specified by sr_ref a re-scan .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  request power state change name = default * network -- name the name of hard drive drive name * mssql * safe -- name parent message .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   null
truth:  request   power

test:  returns a list of shared random variables .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  find all operation in a topic .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the expiry expansion works for an next document name .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  evaluate   text
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture to ensure the test case only_persist are loaded from the test .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  load   dictionary
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id for an application .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start white and its cgi window .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  start   a
truth:  token   token

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a particular object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  given   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  see which index .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   implementation
truth:  see   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  verifies verify generated using vfs .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the topic flags for the given payload .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a github chains .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes hex to base32 compatible integer .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   hex
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  list out lists of lists available for a given course .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  list   return
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the version of bokeh cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  renders the last datetime .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  return the currently logged-in dict .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create an empty descriptor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value of the current destination setting and put it into the key .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   updates
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a long rgb components to rgb colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check if we can query module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  execute command in subprocess .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  make   a
truth:  call   a

test:  display an uploaded record .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  compare   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of multiple tabs in the given axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete multiple system information from instances .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  install_default_handler() instantiates a named root queue and :class:formatter and above to the pwnlib logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns absfpath vars by default .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is the bounding box to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  test ends table designed for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   text
truth:  read   read

test:  return the path .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  loads a template from the models .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks that value is not too long and loadable or a string .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compare a gaussian mean along gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  selected   return
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  update a comment comment .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  recall   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all the containers in a single container .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns json representation of the json encoded token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  if   get
truth:  null   mac

test:  find a python symbol .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  call   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  help function for test slave .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns a class return a dict containing details of the api with voice .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  given   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  start traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  start   traffic
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace all special characters that are potentially replaced with a url .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  replace   quote
truth:  text   text

test:  test that a precision trip through a format that does not raise valueerror when make-bcache is not found .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  test   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  common code endpoint .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  select   list
truth:  do   null

test:  patch a list of all available available available available available .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  patch   connectivity
truth:  context   manager

test:  append users subscriptions to the node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  append   a
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns true if a notification type is configured with the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses params from experimental .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  indent   function
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache size of the named vm .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  create   create

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the number of parsed config onto the cascading config file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for an aggregate with a specific aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load if apf exists on minions .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  find the location that matches the required hierarchy of the provided cache .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default folders for all views .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  base   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the mode .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  initialize   undo
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper for sequences .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  null   parsing
truth:  formats   a

test:  run closed in the requested review hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  tries   register
truth:  unregister   null

test:  get and return remote model name from django model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  gets   tasks
truth:  get   get

test:  list available flavor objects .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the plugin associated with the given plugin .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  run   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that modifies an empty urlconf .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  view   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to skip tests when parameters is called .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   close
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  get   wrap
truth:  is   keyring

test:  parameters types to be removed or concat_all as named .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  helper function to set the model .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set a dictionary of admin widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   null
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  modify the given event for each event given the next event for a subsection .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  exception   returns
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return help aliases .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  set all the keys in a particular set .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   strips
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  start a machine server to be enabled .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  win32 doing unicode .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  socket   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  recursively set versions to the following git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   version

test:  convert a number or stack of items into an array .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  translate sys .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a string to accents from python 2 .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  decode   show
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  return an element of the ground domain from f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a file filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  get   status
truth:  clean   null

test:  a helper for the github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  format   a

test:  returns a query parameters from a table server .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gaussian initializer .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   i

test:  converts a range of random rules to a node .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  if selector is currently on this node .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  view decorator that applies the dummy view and modified processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to retrieve a specific language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  create a unused unused attribute of an unused document name that may be used in a node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a bezier address based on an first address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  passing an exception with an informative message from the container .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain with url .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if we have an int .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  close and save a value from a file .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  close   a
truth:  function   function

test:  go to generate a task and store it as a dictionary .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  to   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  represent a single tool in a violin tool or html grid .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert id into asfortranarray .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  convert   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that a matrix of binary samples 1) has the right mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   loop
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  gets the specific specific number in the specified carrier .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to parse a tar archive into a path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  decode an ascii-only name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  decode   method
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record as an instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   updates
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick the pick into a pick reference .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  pick   pick

test:  like perls but always works .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  like   return
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  raise_on_error the spec summary of a new controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  populates   string
truth:  function   function

test:  return the monitordir to the location of a directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  setup -> scalar get the keys and serialize the same way .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  null   method

test:  print an working_copy() on a new non-uniformities .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   column

test:  returns the version of the api .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies that dependencies are installed .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  decorator to register a function from a user-defined method .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  to   tokens
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  a context manager to temporarily change all qmutex plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   dict
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a string from the source code .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  return   return

test:  split successive elements from list into chunks .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  split   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  like the users .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  provide memory usage .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  plugin   return
truth:  return   statistics

test:  import python module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  execute   app

test:  list salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  get   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  creates a new yaml flow for a class that can be executed via the class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add resolved metadata from a viewpoint personal library .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  unshares   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  given the specified url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  given   strip
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use processes and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  takes   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a set of all email group .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test k[x] import into all files in the package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given quality is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  just like git task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  files   include
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  count   count

test:  creates a scalar set of state data for costs .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network time :return: true if 'systemsetup-gettime' is on or off if 'systemsetup-gettime' is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file under information items from a specified index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates user from a users personal library .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  updates   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   information
truth:  deletes   null

test:  computes the linear differential equation the linear differential equation .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   part
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an repository or directory .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  determine a valid header path .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluates the source of the generalized images in a tensor .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  select   a
truth:  output   output

test:  check whether the test already exists .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  fetches   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  page the command to work and return a string .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  docstring   handler
truth:  to   setup

test:  run a package in the form related to the given package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds the user 1/link spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  constructs   a

test:  only signal .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  handle   a

test:  fetch a connection value from an existing channel .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  show   show

test:  load directory from all .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  install   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block device to a new instance .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  to   block
truth:  block   block

test:  initializes a list of exploration and store the new one .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  initializes   updates
truth:  commits   a

test:  just change the contents of app_dirs that ioloop is only .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  label   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new disk snapshot usage snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  because identation works .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  unmount   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by recomputing graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  parse an http <ctrl-x> header .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  parse   join
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the name of the given version of the version .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  used   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the current string in the form provided .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a class composed of single-entry without modifying a new compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  gets   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  using user .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  demonstrates   function
truth:  prompt   users

test:  this function clean size with size and strict will be removed .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  function   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns true if the given instance name is an instance object .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  unpack nodes on each statement in a statement like covers .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  split   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the template .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that f(x) is a function of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rotates the elements swapping .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverses   names
truth:  uses   uses

test:  somebody a sequence of all entire rules .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a new object instance of a tuple based on its type .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  create   create

test:  check if a user is valid .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  if   up
truth:  turns   null

test:  a generator that yields a generator just along with all possible audio callback .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  null   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  see if a users with a preferred language is valid .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  writes some configuration file to a file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  save   configuration

test:  precision the replacements log objective .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  for the z3 test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the setting for the specified user .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  tests   replaces
truth:  send   send

test:  fake sqlcipher class to fake sqlcipher .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a new revision for the specified repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  set rules using the account .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  utility method for elasticsearch to check a method .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  exit   sets
truth:  null   classes

test:  same as writable .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  null   return
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the wiki wiki ascii string containing information about the entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  null   average
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the threadlocal thing given a .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the modules .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator to decorate a function to be run .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   null
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  add a specified application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  module   input
truth:  initialize   null

test:  plot 'l'for spec .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  be   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  cartesian version of order .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  sends   numpy
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert a character id to an integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read from the next embbeded file as thrift object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  requires the uninstalls figure and return all the password output .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  compute   users
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  plots a function .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current page cache setting .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  simple random n-bit .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for interactive script .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry vlanid .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a path to the given absolute paths that doesnt exist or the file directly .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  am   am

test:  print an error messages to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  parse a 64-bit start and return a list .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  end   end

test:  takes a sequence and returns a sequence of items in sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  assert the status was none .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  return an environment to be used with timing .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  get   a
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert the unix value from a positive number to a float value .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   val
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial 'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 countries instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  send a file from the salt master and send it to the salt master cli example: .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  to   a
truth:  send   a

test:  check if a list of best flags are valid .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   changes

test:  wait for all factory .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  force   force

test:  write a string to the ensures that write was added to a file .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the group of the group .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that how is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return the reciprocal function to build an input variable .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   plot
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an installed package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create an argumentparser for reading and arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  create   create
truth:  base   arguments

test:  given a idempotency and region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  given   action
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the 180 app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout : 180 the server cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a string .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  fetch content for a file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  content   open
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals from the connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   launch
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load this module if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check if a user tried to access a page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make a crypto value .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check for a single scalar .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  array   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  equivalent of os .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a bunch of colors .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  find   corners

test:  get a value of an count of function .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set umc umc to an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  translates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an event record .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  a wrapper for javascript .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return a new decorated function that can be called in the num_errors: module to assigned to the analysis of the given module .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing status section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  drop   list
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file and return its contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a dict of uncommented to open a file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  null   method

test:  internal helper method to return true if a string was a certain docker image .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  merges two executable mappings and a single mapping .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  merges   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the mongodb instance to make sure the protected lock is closed later and the first kind of the callable .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signals from an receivers to the given signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  stopped   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make a dataframe with the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   values
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a decorator that accepts the arguments as a deprecated function or deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisors for a user .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   graph
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  convert the given version string to empty string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test redis revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  command   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  returns list of unique groups for each table in train_indexes .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : 'malformednext' error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set remaining to the edge element .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the checksum of the expression value .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new child type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add new user to submissions page .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   up
truth:  null   page

test:  gets usernames used by the user .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  make sure the current request contents is set .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  when a module to be used when importing an absolute module .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function that returns a file pointed to .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of actors that the user identified by user_id is assigned .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  view   null
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if an error was resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  a formats function for display in the appstats list .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add speed and setting tracker interface .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  infer a random distribution class with random distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  build a full adapter url for the provided adapter .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a numpy array .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  print   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker agent server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  print message to log and exit .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  color   message
truth:  log   log

test:  return a list of first node in g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new list of all urls that apply the given config .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a channels .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  create   null
truth:  access   access

test:  default if the server has been verified by the server .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  like   a
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  test if the variable is a undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   information
truth:  maps   keys

test:  given an unix timestamp .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  time   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using auth authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  query the include include modules .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  pass   html
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the current instance of singular values .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  require the project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed each video from we find its modified successfully .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert an argument to a boolean sequence .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the mounts list of all mounts .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  creates a scalar fields for the given model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  recursive routine to get a list of tuples plus the respective values .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  null   get
truth:  did   null

test:  convert the optimal object into a pandas package name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  read   a

test:  create a directory that is a directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  authenticate basic auth info .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check grammar methods for bad grammar + newly .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   grammar
truth:  null   attrs

test:  perform some idle stubs .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if value is a test .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize a manager that starts with a name or a manager .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  initialize   attribute
truth:  set   up

test:  snake-case -> string as a string of characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  retrieve the full node from the provided grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  retrieve   dask
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that this azure account .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see incremental style standard drill .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns a list of all available xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a string for an lowercase and returns true for the same state as the reformat used .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  takes   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert inputs .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   header
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  helper function to remove the bootloader tag that will be used from the given tag .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send display who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want display .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   post
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  make   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup a string .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get an object from multiple object and .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update a traffic server configuration file using the specified config options .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  update   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the key for the existence of the system .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent to one .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   s
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper around image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  resizes   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup config .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  reset a user to the data directory .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress generator but generate a generator that reads a generator and the corresponding sequence .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  decodes   function
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  show and return a dialog .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  show   process
truth:  record   record

test:  called when an application call .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  search   networks
truth:  return   a

test:  adds value through yx -> arch and return the previous dictionaries .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  casts   test
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  import   a

test:  creates and inject a file on a container .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  called when an ssl method is raised by the call to a previous config file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  called   file
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modify the unix timestamp if it doesnt exist .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  scale   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  get working scores .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  parse   parameter
truth:  if   null

test:  return a partial array of all of the provided file in the range .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  object   object

test:  runs sparse loss algorithm on each element element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  runs   file
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  get list of known auth keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  get   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of users cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if tests are installed .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  try   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all available blobs .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get deprecation pattern .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  regex   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the swap disk space to be used in mb .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  given   check
truth:  null   in

test:  get a list of yaml nodes from the given yaml file .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show installed perl info .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   statistics
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a mapping of response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  create   response

test:  return x or a scalar to a scalar .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   like
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit 32 directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  updates an accounts metadata .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calls a function to be passed to finish a list of seconds .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  initialize a scheduled package or not .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator that wraps addition in the python function .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  integrate   read
truth:  assert   assert

test:  filter handlers using controls .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of network interface metadata .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document by the provided typename and check the optional permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of locate devices cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  write an data to a file in /etc/modprobe .
truth: write out data . 
test:  process   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine which fit the name of the function is talking .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   email
truth:  create   a

test:  process the face .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   pillar
truth:  process   process

test:  example: for an whitespace and its poem for that .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   groups

test:  open a single model .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining publish builds to shining plugin <copy+to+slave+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   campfire
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a binary string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator that converts a function to a 'common' generator .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   show
truth:  round   round

test:  make all use of the class to have the right axes for common use in common history service .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  extracts   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  cartesian array of points without each row .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  updates the given word of code[pos] strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  make   a
truth:  code   code

test:  convert a user id into an int .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  find   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a name of the public name .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  return   append
truth:  get   get

test:  insert a decorator to update the object .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the approximate evoked evoked using eeg recursively .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   n
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  applies a gradient function at x by setting a specific port number .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  applies   difference
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of nodes in the graph s .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  a helper function to get the cached token for backward compatibility .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build the openid request uri .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  format a new connection error in the epoch .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   data

test:  performs the longest or acknowledge matching the given array of filesystem matching the desired dtype .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  performs   arguments
truth:  find   find

test:  returns first field name .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  boolean   default
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns the number of notifications for the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  clean and check that only contains only components .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert an image to a new color space .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  return list for list of dicts .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  return   function
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable flocker-control service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if a plot is in the url and referenced checks for the url returns: bool: true if a break .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test ultisnips font .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   list
truth:  loading   loading

test:  helper to parse a template template template by regular expression .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  uri requires the list of resource uri if were already there is a particular list .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  fix   query
truth:  transform   a

test:  read unicode labels from file system .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  read   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return y minus y function .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  return the container info for the right docker docker info cli example: .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  null   docker
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that it can be c{true} before the c reader .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   reading
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get art url associated with url .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   art

test:  tests that calling a user and not cause a new project .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  profile   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  distance between square and .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the type of apps that are in a given string .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  export a new coordinate type by the expanded property .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restores restores .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  returns true if the user has allowed .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if there is some change in the url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieve the number of workers in use .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  retrieve   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the authentication value of codeset encoding .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the language modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert custom video note: this is a dictionary of username and exists .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create exits to the two rooms object and build instructions .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of initial poolers to encode a tuple .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the string .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a validator for an deprecated message .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return firewall rules for a list of sub-token .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  get networks ids in the locate api .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get a nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline integral of a b-spline or a b-spline int .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  find   find

test:  saves files in a list of image metadata to the specified metadata file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  append   information
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the first line of the list of strings from the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  replace   attempt
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the album plugins for an plugin .
truth: as above . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this indicates if media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of paths and their associated host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the windows toolhelp of the linux os modules .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test batch version of iterator .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  tests   wether

test:  returns a dataframe representing index .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  replace   series

test:  reorders the unit units from given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  s   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a url and json methods .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ret[setting] a disk for working or defaults .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  setting   setting

test:  helper for doc-building .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test sign source repetitions of rsa channel shape=(number cmadatalogger .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  executes   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the details of a vectors .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return data to the namedtuples return the named tuple .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a tuple of the service about the service about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   equality
truth:  get   get

test:  safe_peekline -> int(math .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   return
truth:  handles   handles

test:  returns the objects at the given objects defined in this routine returns none .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array is an array of bytes needed to construct a tuple of plugin_name: .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  return   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  return data from code progress code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   restructuredtext
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads the default template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  load   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  strips double quotes of whitespace .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get the minimum number of labels in the introduced at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the images in the background image and apply to current instance .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  makes   set
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  show the first argument in a sequence of positional and kwargs .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  show   convert
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line in the first occurence .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints and returns the last line of the textwrap .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  prints   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a tuple of bytes in the range is a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  entry point for local sort based on the specified stream .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  point   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator to send an error message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  to   null
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects using the specified service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  gets   database
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a test if a specific to the named field should be assigned .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  sort   custom
truth:  get   get

test:  raises frappe .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  returns   controller

test:  format a sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the coordinate of a vector field computed wrt the specified frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to acquire a steps to be called .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  call and write the function or page to a stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  set   null
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a queryset of resource state strings used by the resource state .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items from a list of raw and return them .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the row of a path .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  test   pull
truth:  normalize   a

test:  display the proposals for a specified number between the proposals .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  display   show
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test _get_search_url() function/method .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  to   test
truth:  url   url

test:  trim string to a python string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  string   string

test:  return the ticklocs between 2 and the matrix that requires the scheduled database .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  attach to a servers with the specified transport .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  determine file path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  file   check
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  ensure a function for all threads started are set .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  set   a

test:  verify last value of a header .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   display
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new json hook so that creates a state passed to create cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  cache the given mime type .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the 'date+%s' of the current machine .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check that an error raised by adding a valueerror .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  load config .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  config   get
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  centers the first item from the given iterator by calling the .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  s   pairs
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the data request .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  return   a

test:  take a color string *s* and return a hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  take   hex
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  restricted version of allowed .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  serve   log
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return the md5 hash of sessions in md5 .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates data for empty sample entries in sparse format .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  close   score
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an opcode to dns byte order .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  true if x is in an executable .
truth: run a command . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  run   a

test:  set up the sonarr sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests vehicle duration based on specified duration of command and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  control   null
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that short is shown .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   information
truth:  test   test

test:  return init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  copy all column objects in a particular index .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  copy   find
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that a list of choice are allowed to support the only ones with the given value .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a generator that reads the all the classes to start and start .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the vector of a string .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a mode from a file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of the hosts for this specific subnet cli example: .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the default credentials to access the globally-held configuration .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   connect
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from content string or page head .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  simulates a flask stub remote stub remote host remote server .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  select an migration uploads from the specified plot provider .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  set   set

test:  try to get the contents of repo['enabled'] .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  to   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces as a file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  take a string or lines of text in lines .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  splits   lines
truth:  text   text

test:  compute arguments name keys .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  compute   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is currently '-latest returns: list .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email to notify the given recipients when throws is posted .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like s .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  s   expr
truth:  return   return

test:  build the '--qute-skip-html' vendor .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  parse a new traditional instance .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  for docstring .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a server to the ssl certificate in the server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  server   a
truth:  define   null

test:  checked through the provided path recursively for --junit-xml and removing include all nested paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  if : if ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   varlist

test:  send the metadata on the account .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies that a to: item contained to an typemap and a class object .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   sets
truth:  list   list

test:  return a dictionary of the provider passed in the minion .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds and returns first item in sequence .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian mode and check if the model is at least 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes and including <> .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  leading   anything
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  run a line .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the config file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a package to markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  convert   escape
truth:  text   text

test:  decorator to skip tests on policies directory .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the container image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  equivalent to file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  initialize a function with the given name and add it to the given name .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  creates   serialize
truth:  use   use

test:  define log messages in given category .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  log   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  strip all lines read from the egg style text .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  find   find

test:  display freeze from git process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  display   null
truth:  start   celery

test:  require an postgresql command .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the ports available on sorted ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scans   null

test:  init init shouldnt .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  init   paths
truth:  test   initialization

test:  same as other .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  program -> python script .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  array   modules
truth:  run   python

test:  returns the line with the specified expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   a

test:  convert the given locale instance into time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   date

test:  get extension in arbitrary python data .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get teardrop drill from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the number of edges .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  uses cliques to find the nodes in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  uses   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a cabal package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  return   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  wraps a method to be called with a class to receive a new exception .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send an event application .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  internal method to get a .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   a

test:  compute the unflatten edit elements of size n - thanks stackoverflow .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  if   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object and container name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string representing the tree of a text string .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   statistics
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of a given array .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   in
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the minimum neighbors of the minimum neighbors that has in g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a timestamp protobuf to a python datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generic google cloud storage string of enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  translate   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a class registers all attachments attachments .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  computes the absolute absolute error for each element in place .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sparse matrix of an array of bin elements .
truth: computes np . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of free ports in a range .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   count
truth:  count   count

test:  return a purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that category is installed .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  replaces each keyword character with lower case value tested against: * mysql 4 .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  categories the port has been reached .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  close   snapshot
truth:  register   register

test:  get layer statistics for this layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   field
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  get all of the stored configuration files .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should be instantiated .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   -
truth:  function   function

test:  create a .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   one
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to mark a service is enabled under the named service .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  null   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is created should be run on one cluster node only be run on a node with a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  assert that the ask can be created with a ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  ask   test

test:  random nulltranslations .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  init   one
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an instance from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  work   work

test:  the main function for alternative controller .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  null   features
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the path to the django async executable .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  outputs a named node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  view   view

test:  create timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  provides a user for a given user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the global path from the current operating system .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  get   set
truth:  to   function

test:  return the git version number .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a password value for a given salted cli example: .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects smaller class label in -3 .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  updates the status of a task in rabbitmqctl mode .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  returns   task

test:  return a full metadata .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  create   create

test:  simple function to get the name of the generalized object .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   show
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up streams to the streams fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return the current time .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial wavefunction code of the legendre harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the :func:echo option has been changed .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the cached utility to reset the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  remove   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an email address to new email address .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification type names from a given resource .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns items in a list of sample items .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  search   a
truth:  process   json

test:  run all of the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set shell apps to shell tool for it .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   set

test:  find the eelif constraints from the flavor vm .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  check   try
truth:  return   return

test:  try to add an expression to a session dump that headers is a permission_codename encoded .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of trends to identify the string to the same hue as the o .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  delete a list of users from the system .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  delete   user

test:  the given series of source files .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  constructs a list of tree metadata as a list of sample objects against a list of tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get n polynomial of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   qubit
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test the vi works .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the generalized normal cumulative distribution parameters x : 1-d ndarray the normal distribution .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  check the specified service is available on the specified vm .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  null   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the true if the two strings are not equal .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove given tenant from the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  plots request storage .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  request   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  change   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  draw the events and get width of each axis .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  process   fill
truth:  remove   lines

test:  print the list of config file and can be used .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  get   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize using some config .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  loads   resize
truth:  using   resize

test:  write the examples to a 2d way .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  write   delete
truth:  errors   errors

test:  get the package files of a python interpreter id .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  function to format each format .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  function   data
truth:  file   file

test:  get the accounts and accumulate for the given parent .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601 timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the version of a named service .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse http request value and return a *plain* header .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  0print - check for a model .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   html
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a != b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  given   list
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for **kwargs the value back to a method .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given some event locations .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  list   function
truth:  return   return

test:  format a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  keras decomposition for generalized two arguments .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  convert to hex color array math .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  creates a tensor shared variable with zero elements .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the copy of k which can be used to something to the corresponding object .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  link   helper
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the current interface in use to true cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  returns an apns string containing the apns email address .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  sends   null

test:  entry point for temporary conversion .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  to   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the combined version of the combined string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a datetime and returns true if the corresponding date is before the same time .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if this model was mapped into a list of redirecting fields are present .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return a filename .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the application description is a valid application description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   check
truth:  value   value

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  inputs   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  calculate the given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find out the absolute ordering of *node* ordering connected to this call .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that stay_open occurs in likelihood .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   method
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of stuff for use in python 2 .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  extract an exception from a string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return precision from the service based on the sheds service and cache verification .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  deserialize   set
truth:  get   precision

test:  calculate the cost cost of the two matrices .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the ordering of dtype described in x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  null   x
truth:  compute   camera

test:  displays and start all traces represented by the hooks .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  log   null
truth:  run   run

test:  configure the configuration settings .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  view   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  accepts a string or raise an exception on a term via minterm[i] .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  accepts   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure quadratic + signal comparisons of supported array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  default   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  if requests .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  catch   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to yield a set of resource document instances .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  to   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  context manager for django .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  context   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  update the current timeout settings .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  choose   parse
truth:  set   http

test:  get the lock for a specific document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and return the netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on openbsd systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check and returns a path .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  expands   null

test:  split some objects to be passed as a new .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  split   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  export the given repo to the git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  export   export
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  get   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for fields after description header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  creates a new model that can be used as a hosts using a fif training .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return the union of the given items in a list .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates multiple cpus public ip address of the current application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a config file from a config file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  translates value .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  value   value

test:  removes have some slashes so that they can be used in slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  utility method to truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  return true if the variable is a test .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get the system group of a variable .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest approximation to a given rgb .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts from hex color values to hex color representation .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a metadef visibility object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png image for the specified image .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses all requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   list
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the command and returns true if the given platform name can be passed with the command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a full array with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  list available []indx .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator factory to require the menu of the page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  i have been modified .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  have   project
truth:  null   null

test:  call to call migrations .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  call   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a list of length n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  is   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the current user-cfg file .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  initialize   convert
truth:  update   update

test:  generates and returns a set of paths for sending searching for sending .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a queue .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main command-line tool .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the version looks like an html version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  run a command down the minion cli example: .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  return an 0/1 request to ns ns error .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add the indexed loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  'search/plugin page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  render   render

test:  shortcut to select an alert definition in the list of namedtuples @todo: remove management management .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  legend the corresponding []label positions in the corresponding element .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  align   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the memory used by the prng module .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   function
truth:  do   null

test:  creates an object or loadable .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   outputs
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  unicode   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  return a single git header in a git header .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   read

test:  print field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  print   a
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an best order linear order with homogeneous coefficients using the method .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   generator
truth:  solves   a

test:  decorate a base class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   function

test:  generate a random permutation of the layers for an external interpolation .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert list to pprint .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  if   value
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for a given time to become available .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  click   click

test:  takes the first code of a character name .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  replaces   code
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  check whether this limit the params']['sensor environment was done in this function .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of an axis .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  flip the cost function from certain and decompose a game .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  using   null

test:  bind a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  find comments to tensorflow comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  find   run
truth:  given   a

test:  assign html summary to the uri link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  email   get
truth:  insert   insert

test:  converts a data structure to a unix stream and converts its calls to the specified arguments .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse notification formatted plugins in the current sorted output .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  check if a prime number is a prime number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  return the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a numpy image with a openshift-deploy-canceller image .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  return   r
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  returns thermo .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the constant and constant values in a constant f: file .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disable the specified window .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  assert   api
truth:  declares   null

test:  compute flowgrams for the bytes of the given payload .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  compute   file
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  get the url corresponding to the request .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  get   method
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of attributes of a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a space .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   text
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  this is similar to list of names for remote words .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  find and return dir .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gcd: long integer .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the path to the request using your app .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a single counts in the form field with the given number of fields as per record .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  is   null

test:  an matcher given matcher .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  control   get
truth:  change   change

test:  parse all actions that have a given _repr_pretty_ _repr_pretty_ parameters: dicts .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  generate our original and log in the registry .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  detects   return
truth:  if   null

test:  check a bad time file with an valueerror .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a relative criteria of the symbol .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  returns   commands
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the properties of the virtual type specified .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset ip / create ip addresses .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  decode a base64 encoded group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  decode   unicode
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add the supplied arguments to an operation so they will be interpreted before the function will add a similar to the operation .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  add   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of available network device cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  start a service to the new service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  host   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the default color instance using color rules .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   matplotlib
truth:  set   set

test:  get the class that will be an instance of the basepath class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the python module from a given module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  get true if point is file-like object .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   null

test:  remove duplicates from an iterable preserving order .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple dataframe for dataframe .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return true if k is a trie k .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  computes the rho legendre equation for all k axes .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  computes   strings
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return field info and the users record .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   routine
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline keyboard record for in the keyboard behaviour of the keyboard behaviour to new behaviour of inline role *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this keyboard serviceinstance
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  install and return archive .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  install   a
truth:  short   get

test:  iterate over all parts of the given docstring .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate memory t of a contiguous array .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given c arguments that return a string .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run tests about a module .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  wait   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a l{unicode} .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensures that the given bytes are the current revision object .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  unicode   ceil
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a string is an html .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  check   updates
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a template at the given path .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate writer lines for g parameters g : string or column for g .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  write drive to a stream .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  write   length
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the entropy between python 2 and lower prefix .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  high high error if the key_path is less than or equal to the available error .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  throw   a
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a function until it returns successfully .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  call   call

test:  format a repository to simplify simplify bytes .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  format   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  shuts down a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate for outdated .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  is   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all users for which the source is reporting .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the contents of a references: request header and return as a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  study form[i] .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given dest .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  is   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  collect objects with objects of python objects this to raise garbage objects that are passed to the garbage collector each group .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  running   null
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse an gcs uri into the absolute path .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the power for the conversion in the positive integer p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  decorator used to set the connection .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  utility function: show full path to a list of strings .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  go   list
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing text for pretty-printing sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of available information cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of samples of the given list present in the system .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   list
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string response to a long string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  two-dimensional a given data .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   test
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the unicode text as a unicode string representation of a resource .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluates a formated authenticate when computing python 2 .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  evaluates   divmod
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert an integer or int to hex equivalent .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to u'gray' and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  safe_peekline for a single weight records .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   power
truth:  breaks   up

test:  given a message zones .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  read geos geos errors .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  read   normalizes
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  helper function to find a list of filenames that can be found within a given path .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  function   find
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks backup backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  decorator that requires tests to see if manually is installed .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the mac address of a network address .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   windows

test:  returns the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  display   display

test:  return the vector of a positive integer k .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a function that applies a cached query string as a decorator .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a special name matching all available special properties .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  computes   null

test:  all and values of dict .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  it should extract the email address .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to create a dynamic kb and one that will be used in the gf_edf_zassenhaus .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  function   function
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  returns true if the given field is a field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template from provider dictionary of 1 and the same parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  get input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  input   function
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a string and a first data object instance .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by set .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   indexes
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations in facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  apply   generate
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode unicode_data for use as an http codec parameters string : python string or none .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get support for the shared module name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get information about an including server cli example: .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  string   string

test:  convert an integer to fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test that we have order distortion and pot lines .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   fixture
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list with recommended ids of recommended explorations to this model .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test performance of readparsers data .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the '--port' line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sync all of the currently logged-in point which will also be assigned .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  wrap a function describing an registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  provide json handling and a response .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the data: setting based on the names of the model .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  clones master of repo_url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  helper to easily create context for a size .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  to   start
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a duration to the current settings for a given object .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  download a * install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  download   test
truth:  using   test

test:  quote the windows argument so that it looks like a single url .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users password cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   null
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return a dictionary of dicts for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  create a vm and returns its created with the passed vm .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the given function that returns a generator .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a property value .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary with the datarows header .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  verify that an condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  capture a new music and returns the current playlist and the same playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   manifest
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the data directory that home directory is created .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return trailing zeros from url .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  based   current
truth:  given   null

test:  ensure that the test is set .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes an scheduler .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   returns
truth:  deletes   a

test:  start the control dimension of both a tcp n .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  start   implementation
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats stack : none the name of the target estate object .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  check if items are equal .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  if   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the group of the current database cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the number to the number of an integer or number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a simplepipelineengine cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  generates symmetric n-th of the first element of the first element of the permutation drawn .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  base   base

test:  build the current custom environment for a given app .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  decrypt   return
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  transform special chars in subject to have only one line .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  given a list of words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluates the obj and return obj if obj is defined .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach chuang to wen-lian multimodal by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of an elgamal shift .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove variables for elasticsearch .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  function   like
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  get filename to default invalidipythondirectory directory .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check if the config file is enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  return   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  add a new role for a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  exemplify for a series for for for for a exemplify .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  exemplify   email
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to node-local multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   picks
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  flush all apps .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   create
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the total distance from list of validator that can be a list of weighted unit .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  provides   probability
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  query all of the projects that we have written between start_time and end_time .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  list   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of sql statements used to reset all the database used to reset the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check bson mapping for notimplementederror .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get human-readable and b of a fixed-width .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   os

test:  echo decorator to stdout and methods in an sls method .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  change   change

test:  create a new data mask .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  produce   binary
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  creates the url for the specified scope .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given number to the dictionary .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a list of headers .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the modules corresponding to the given module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exploit   import

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   null
truth:  github   github

test:  fix there are any data in all table [instance] .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  resets   commit
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  skip a test if a jinja test cases are always put in a unittest test cases .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  skip   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a list of sorted sample ids sorted by sorted sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  return true if there are any of the targets in route53 .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   setup
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a random securely-generated factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  be   null

test:  take a chance for vectors .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  get   pad
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class or class as a thing with the given name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  checks if a large value is small enough to use as a string or html setting .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  test if given t is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns some instances to ubuntu .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  tuple   up
truth:  get   get

test:  unicode-safe string using fingerprints .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  usage: {{ remote tags and pull request list .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  return   arguments

test:  takes a list of module and a resource that takes an optional set of module .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not contain lines .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  given   a

test:  respond with specific view .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the number of hardware is zeros .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a csr and all requests listed in it .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  called   a
truth:  does   null

test:  format a nested file with there so that it does not contain there .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets the child of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  like   like

test:  pass one or more hash environment variables into the specified type .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  drops   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  calculates voronoi noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  calculates   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a2ensite page to hook into social auth endpoints .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign the given rlstrlst to match the center .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   create
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return inverse cosecant .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a small tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validate that the given data .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a post request for the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   file
truth:  perform   a

test:  miller-rabin of statsmodels with non-digit descent al .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   branin
truth:  compute   compute

test:  modify the configuration .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  modify   return
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into multipart form all entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper to split an html5 string to a list of whitespace in a string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  object   return
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send the message to a list of headers .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  send   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  take a numpy array of multiple lines drawn with the given index .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a member of a server:port combination of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns partial fraction for a scipy eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that friends loads fields for values; fields .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list sql cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  validate an email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  yields yields the stdlib google cloud storage version .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this only supports grains .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  the n_fft date on the current thread .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logarithm of the cubic differences .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   elements
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  create a key function that takes the key and returns a key pair .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  hash   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a vcenter instance of a vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  show a details from ec2 .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  display a message to the flash for the specified value .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  the list of tuples to the given attribute for each figure is created with the given attribute .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  add   project
truth:  like   like

test:  convert a substring into two 8601 entities with entity entities .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  encode string to json so that it can be embedded in javascript .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  string   json
truth:  output   output

test:  create and persists a list of ports ports but urls match the given instance this method will be removed along with a list of instance marked with a list of
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying cache meta data file from activated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  copies a file name to the package specified .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  return   return

test:  datacenter a config object .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   section

test:  quote a single space or atom containing the quote line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  provides   null

test:  print memcache error .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  load tree files .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do the demo or convert the given node into the distance io .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   cluster

test:  get the number of args for the given period .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  get   compute
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops a monit configuration file and writes monit to cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  get the current cache location .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load out the scenario database .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract and returns a list of names .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   comments
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  find all or other images associated with a image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  specified   delete

test:  import and return windows .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  import   function
truth:  return   return

test:  this method logs all the alert interface .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse a python data response from a response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   status

test:  remove the generic api delete .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   dictionary
truth:  filter   items

test:  checks if places is valid .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   test
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  watch for the given parameters .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  build   build
truth:  install   install

test:  runs full table of the current database .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  if   test

test:  add extra child for the qt item from the model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that the given root directory is installed .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  copy the file into a unittest directory .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  file   null
truth:  create   a

test:  download a single bit for a package .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  download   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  construct a base64 encoded string from a base64 encoded tag .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  start   appends
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  status a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of this block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the project that is created by the project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string of values .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test tax class name .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  return the items in the given file path available and status message .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  context   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path for the tests/ directory .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the point number from a segment to the extended segment file .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  point   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clean a string to be used as url .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  convert a file system path to the file system .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  for testing .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  function   output
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  truncates sequences .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  downloads   output
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   up
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of best to return returns: a list of best values cli example: .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a group of functions (f(g(h))) into .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  support   multiple

test:  delete text domain .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  run   run

test:  parameters item : array to flat bytes .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  make   null
truth:  write   a

test:  ensure that user fails .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  function to compare the abi representation of here to the handler .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  parses the local tag for a given yaml tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  populates a locations[ django matrix .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  change   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  take a string and return an iterable .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  question   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by or equal to the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number of available projects .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the first pid of the process for the given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  removes the attribute of a module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current purposes of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  load   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that value is option .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate and return the oauth2 link in the topic tree .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  generate   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the shapediags laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the actual string corresponding to the given target name .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  url   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition in a set of indices .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  extract an integer into the given exc_info .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  extract   error
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the currently active string or none if it was not being automatically .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  return   return

test:  get the regions for the given region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a cache cache to the state of the users cache cli example: .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert rcode and text to text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the expected properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  works   works

test:  execute a subprocess command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  run   a

test:  given a string or list of paths and a string .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  given   items
truth:  null   standard

test:  test creating an existing requirement markers .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  make   null

test:  return the libraries of libraries available for the given list of libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show an images from an image .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   details

test:  decorator that calls the result of every function calls .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  wrapper for 32bit .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes all files in a file .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns the size of the string at least two bytes .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  try to find out a resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  remove an email address .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a qicon representation of the memory or subclass of a stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the real page of the given attachment file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  return the shortest basic graph g .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  return   digraph
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the git repository for the given branch .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  opens   null

test:  apply files and return a list of files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  check   check

test:  compute frac exactly .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of cal['calendar and let corrects a user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  given   shows
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert the list of all requests to the egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  if   check

test:  set the name of the current user .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  convert a pytz timezone to a string .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  return 3 portion of projects for a reverse array .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  return   fraction
truth:  null   implementation

test:  resets password characters .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  password   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   apply
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that zero cannot be created at a set of zero values .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate text that will generate the target group .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert graph6 character data into a napalm unicode string .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate random hue that can be used as input and returns a tuple with the rules .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   up
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  export yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  patch   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a hexstring object .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create a dictionary of platform classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a package installation .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  working   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  returns certain contents of a given snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  return a random item as a courses .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  return   method
truth:  function   function

test:  x: x: tensor to a sparse matrix .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  indices   strategy
truth:  turn   a

test:  wait until the request has the given timeout cli example: .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  replaces   request
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  message view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   milestone

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  load   load

test:  print some arguments .
truth: run command . 
test:  print   command
truth:  command   command

test:  recursively processes items from something to a several iterables and return a dict .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  converts   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a list of compute binary for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that return the colums of a input sql query .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  suspend all supported registry and suspend .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   core

test:  fix an xml limits .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   helper
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the state to generate the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  rolls   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses the default rar method .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  parse a sequence of entity pairs into an entity key and return kind .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore object for unpickling types .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  object   get
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   python
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the current versioned version of the following version .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  null   a

test:  logs the flask web server .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  takes   no
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export an existing unit po file .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file in the given version .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  search   search

test:  read source table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  gets the state of the datastore type .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a value is a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  ensure   error
truth:  check   check

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  a component way for the collection of unique types .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  null   array
truth:  select   null

test:  determine if there is a ports hypervisor .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  make   point
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if player is present .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property in a namespace .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   null
truth:  count   count

test:  require the user if acl is not a view in .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  decorate   up
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the raw ip address of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the input is a fd or a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  testing with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  getting   output
truth:  output   output

test:  create a new worker instance from the provided worker .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the name of the directory .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   a

test:  return github drill .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  called   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the timestamp on the *ipv4_prefix* frames .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  list   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth ip address padded to the authentication code .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield an do not all the path and all subdirectories .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  iterates   null

test:  the restful csv page list for download an arbitrary course registration registration .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  convert a string of the symbol into an equivalent expression .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  find the stats stats for this sphere .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test test of raw channels .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  attempt to cause indentation for each indentation in a block level .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  provides   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute square-free factorial of f and f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  reduce   f

test:  make sure the backup is not met and its servers .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  calling   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  write a numpy array to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  write   html
truth:  create   html

test:  generate operating for full packages .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  helper function to compute the input length of a convolution operation this function computes the input length along a single axis .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise return the first axis of a given variable .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  convert   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  helper for checking if the given cookie should be escaped .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a class or binary class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if left name is a considered xml lhs .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if all plugins are plugin{}notfound .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  page version of addon .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   title
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the relative path from cartesian units .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  returns   pairs
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test heterogeneous functions from galactic .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  step prompt to make sure the given prompt is clicked .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  step   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the course structure for managing course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether an argument is an instance of a string .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  determines   integer
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the topic is marked as a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instanceactionapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a collection of tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  wraps   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  get the first and the first point in the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new xor .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic python expression structure for first words .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  regex   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file or timestamp of a file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  enable constructor for a .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  tests   attribute
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get new hashed value to generate content backends .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  registers   get
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  write text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  md5sum   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render a linked document to inferred document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   entry
truth:  converts   a

test:  subtract univariate polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  creates   implementation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return file source files in src to subprocess .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  name   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write the json data to a file in etcd cli example: .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   data
truth:  return   data

test:  check if an email address is an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  email   email

test:  get all the currently set of explicit options .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the bose info['partitions'] component .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka value from kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute array of leading and 1 .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handle the policy from the basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  delete   endpoint
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  helper for storing a resource from the cwd .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the session strategy .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  assigns   current
truth:  set   a

test:  release the releases with the musicbrainz releases as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  release   get
truth:  search   search

test:  if a positive integer is a positive integer .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  if   integer
truth:  list   list

test:  get new project id from project .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a 2d numpy array for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  search for python search .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  search   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to utf-8 or unicode .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   encode

test:  the safe safe safe safe safe safe .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  return   a

test:  make an environment option .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  make   null
truth:  requests   requests

test:  yield one or more iterables .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the model line with an rotation matrix .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  export the specified patches .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   api
truth:  git   git

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  set up pyrax to the request .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  get user object from db or none if none .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start ipython shell directory .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   return
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the main couldnotget component .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  ensure a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   open
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the global backends backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random subset of count .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the cursor to the end of the current buffer .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the parameters of a list of parameters of the parameters .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the internal selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert input from multiplicative_expression or aws array into an image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  input   return
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the named user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  find a theano matrix multiplications of sparse .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  structured   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  returns a castra chart with a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode dataset from the hypertext site-packages utilities found .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all the logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the posix environment variable containing the module .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initializes   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  make a network from a service .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  make   log
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  gets the name and user from the username for a given username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  return the tag for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary filename .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  append an input file to text in textual format .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  append   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  compute potential speech lighting compatible with repo .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that adds a view only accept any indexing .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trims text using custom_model method .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  text   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the registered rule in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the databases from database to open in database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  assumes   entities
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle extension for the given video name .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a special text into text and merge them into text without added to text .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  return a unique string for commandline .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  compute   directory

test:  convert useless stabilize@register to the output of *node* .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  if   null

test:  start a file descriptor for an notifyinitializationerror descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  start a signal shut down the given process .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  start   a
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns an index of all the first xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  fill current line to a dict .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the named image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensures   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  hits the relative url from a double-precision .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  hits   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  takes an array to expands decrementing to values .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return x .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator factory .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   console
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id and fetches a musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  create a javascript javascript rule for a list of inputs based on the provided arguments .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  check if locale is a sumo / setting .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  make   null

test:  return the list of lists of single space .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  packs array with zeros from several windows needed to integer .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  return the user generated model along with the project .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates specified package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  require   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  sets the average value and raises an exception if needed .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  change   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the altaz distance works correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a bezier convolution instance as a byte string .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the instanceproperty options for a website options .
truth: like @property . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  like   like

test:  when a vote event is updated .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the compensation graph of the graph g .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an host cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  block   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate options in the given object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  find a server in an python-like by id .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate the latest certificate from config file .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  format   a
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a new pickle pickle / returning all of the given object .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  course_key: the zip file if preserved .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  files   interface
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the named grafana name is absent name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse options in a pattern .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the path to the mock to the freesurfer_home path .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by the matrix and the vector3 .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  rotate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  unicode unicode character or unicode string to unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of all the rest api on the local node .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent name the location of the state to remove object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  decode an image override option using the target model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  decode   map
truth:  to   try

test:  convert a file at the given string and we want to the appropriate arguments .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  make sure time has gone .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  time   a
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that takes a response object and returns a json object .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  builds an instance for the given instance and metadata .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator used in an executor method asynchronously .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the standard deviations for the given frag_index .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop no directories are no directories in given path .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unpickle an argument with a double int references .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  reverse   entry
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return a commented user model in rabbitmqctl transaction .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  update an esxcli command line parameters .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  update   run
truth:  show   status

test:  return the first kind of a flags .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  launch   launch

test:  html script in the python script will be created in an python wrapper .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compound_statement total set of all datasets used by all bytes .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the network metadata from the given filename .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a named container .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test that a list of hosts defined in @roles succeeds .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute autocovariance package dont take in an array .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  compute   nodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify reallocation section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  complete   null

test:  return the scene exceptions for a given exception and cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  convert array of unconstrained to unconstrained matrices parameters n : array of .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  array   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the program that match program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   program

test:  method n-dimensional **g .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether locale is a valid locale for given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  checks   wrapper
truth:  to   try

test:  class decorator for creating a class which enables the same name in a type .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  turn   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a course id to a course id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers from prefix and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   generator
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if filename has a auth file .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  perform rendering the system seed template with autoescaping .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  show the version information in the cluster about the django version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   a
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename a base project using a new permission to be retrieved or optionally rename the node .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  rename   vm
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the exponential of the binomial function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the data json-serialized .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return virtual memory usage of the vm object .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   works
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the number of milestones milestones quickly with the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  template   a
truth:  null   api

test:  given an identity string .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  list   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the style channel given the target image and gram .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  calculate   style

test:  edit edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  wrap a function so it gets called with the argument is not true .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  defines the default tool path for a given object .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  defines   multiple
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts a django api calls to an exception .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert any numpy array to numeric .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  converts   graph
truth:  return   a

test:  given a single filename .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  update the length of the code to just calling tags .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  create   length
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample coefficients .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read raf points from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   runs
truth:  read   read

test:  nice cannot parse raw array or columns according to raw suffix .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  prints usage information and exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   print
truth:  error   error

test:  generator for sorted lists of length n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read lines read from config file and return a dict of {key: .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  retrieves   score
truth:  searches   searches

test:  generate a widening centrality using the given source .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx decode-url .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  print   helper
truth:  null   lx

test:  clean command-line tool .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  return   return

test:  from github issue #679 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a given python is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  return the authentication token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  query first query in addresses for given path .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  query   return
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a number to ordinal .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  check general pages in the boolean .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  check   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  convert html markup to html .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  convert   strips
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  puts a function if debug is not none .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  write   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  return true if a spec with an existing argument specification .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  start   instance
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all activation components from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return osquery information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this test ensures that the given model as a back-end viewer .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  test   updates
truth:  show   show

test:  like |safe but writes the user to new .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure the running container is running .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  change   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add a server .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  support   a
truth:  return   a

test:  qr -> int(math .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the block sum of an array .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   word
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  html text to the given html string .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   html

test:  convert a similarly object into a tuple .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return information about a list of services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a list of strings to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install to update partial update_blogs .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   composer

test:  get the number of a single album for a single album .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  get   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns an instance of a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert a solar value to an encoded task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a gradient of the dask with features .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a unicode object representation of a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  convert   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  some nodes are decrypts to have more than one .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  features   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install several failed to be able to install a package .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display the default backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  given an error if you want to be interpreted in the rest .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  determine   calculate
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of information from list of lists .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  set the maximum backup of a backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  check the latest version of a script for its active processs .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  parses an event or block event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   json
truth:  given   null

test:  calculate the simp :class:linuxdistro .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the queues as a list of tasks that can be valid for a task queue queue .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  update a notification about a notification about some server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify groups to modify .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  normalize all values in a javascript string with the specified plugin_type_identifier .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install a movie .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  install   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  forces two foreign_keys on an open sequence .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  break   default
truth:  join   operation

test:  return the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a logger for an instance .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create a new #32 stream .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  raise   script
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two software variables .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  filter the keyczar signer object returned by the secrets manager and writes it to secrets subdir .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a file based on a file mapping .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a bson .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  indent the amount of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  show   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  get the date sorted date date for the specified course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks barcodes of urls for duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure a function always returns a public decorator .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert lsm lsm to age number .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  convert   reader
truth:  read   read

test:  encode a file using base64 encoding .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a complete test suite .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes an object to the specified votable file and write it to the specified votable .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns whether the current site configuration has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the you want to topologically the na] for each sample n' .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  replace the file system path with its initial state .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path matches against the specified patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert application to the new application on a local node .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  convert   enable
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write special characters to the writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   inverse
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  checks if a user is valid or sorted .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  if   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if the vlan interface is valid .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests whether a single test datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   function
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image and create a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print a sql dict representing the given product node .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  check the repository version of the model .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  check   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the slice of the given file .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  return   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  takes an action and fallback action design .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  takes   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test %reset completion for ipython .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the current timezone time zone as a tzinfo string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add a request to the owner owner .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy the instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  marks   instance

test:  list the repository associated with a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  update   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  function to process type_qualifier for each system .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  point   run
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a new document of a new attachment .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  follow   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return list of standard order .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get current dataset dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  get   fasta
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column can be loaded .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new configuration from the user chart .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  check that all caller requirements are built for a reactor .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  check   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  internal workflow operation for entrance updating entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterator for the abi file handle frames .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  joins   wrapper
truth:  breaks   up

test:  check if a redis device exists cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  save   null

test:  display markdown code to show markdown for the given url .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  display   current
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given the path template path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach an instance from ec2 .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  does not have forces terminate for all nodes in all create_payloads .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  put   asserts
truth:  finds   participants

test:  display a filename to open request .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  display   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  the largest integer k such that k*d >= n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate a hash of input input input and return a string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join the path relative to the given path .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  join   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten the given list of entry by adding all values to a .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  convert   depth
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  forces a string text to its results .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  address   use
truth:  header   header

test:  delete chkconfig service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   service
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the median strings .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verifies that the event_source_id has been whitelisted and returns a nice message .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  turn a list of list of list strings into a list of tuples .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  turn   dictionary
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a value to a duration string .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  return true if the repository is a repository for this application .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add or update the add files in the reported in a list of candidates .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  set up server priority .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  set   set
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build process .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define binary .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  get and return user icons .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  get   new
truth:  sets   property

test:  register a simple model .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  add   matching
truth:  connect   connect

test:  make a blaze sentence of a propositional sentence .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  make   kernel
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  decorator for marking the decorated function from one element .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  like   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return the number of items in a particular range .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  format the pager name in pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  format   a
truth:  list   list

test:  loads and decompresses the given file .
truth: open history . 
test:  to   handle
truth:  open   history

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  read config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  config   read
truth:  read   read

test:  get or set the radial axes of the current ticklocs and labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on webutil module if dig binary available .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install a package docker docker .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  single : expr plus expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  allow for a file root in root to be considered as a rootname user .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  allow   version
truth:  get   get

test:  send a vector to the queue .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to aws aws aws lambda interface .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move files into a file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  file   file

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  make   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  validate a string for google cloud storage value .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  validate   sets
truth:  if   checks

test:  set up any line at values at distane at k .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  set   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog for displaying a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fake calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  index of the sitemap build .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   build

test:  creates a field from a search_service_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  given   data
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type c section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot a single plot item with its hexadecimal .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send the named vm .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  send   send

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   pull
truth:  return   return

test:  return a transforms name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given pattern is found in the source .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  avoid   parse
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check the data records represented by the rand_structure() .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an absolute path to the file for the given filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  format a sanic group .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  format   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  display   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse an key string into an key .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get a string name from the given package .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add melded loops .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to haematoxylin-eosin-dab color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  transform   x

test:  convert an image name to the image name .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   handler
truth:  renders   null

test:  fstab a single server download server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  targets   null
truth:  start   a

test:  edit edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  kill a dyadic xml to finish .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  kill   scale
truth:  null   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  parse and return first name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  split   node

test:  construct a full path for the given xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the default channel for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the deb matrix x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  convert   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the first messages should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  read available ast suite from the given file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   source
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a function that converts a dictionary into an xml string .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  read a files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait for a volume to be updated at the given time .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of websites characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 around the nltkdemo .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   templates
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  insert *char* version to the daily codec .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  prints   return
truth:  get   get

test:  delete data into separate db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of changesets for the given task and remove the rest status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  get   get
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed limit for given road instance .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the model label for the given app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is not in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the elements like "1:22" or int_div .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all qos specs for a given qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  render all required markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   page
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encodes unicode string to bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for human friendly representation .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of exploration ids within the provided collection .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a database instance based on the configuration .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests the right censure keypoints and their corresponding scale .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload u'/static' .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   up
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  check if a module or name exists .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   credentials

test:  make a service service instance for the service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  send message to admins error .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  send   settings
truth:  sends   a

test:  calculate the random expression input and unroll of a given reorders .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to guess an installed linking .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   get
truth:  grab   drac

test:  get the name of the current command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  dispatches the notification notification for a course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  receive   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file contains a binary file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  test the specified scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  given   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  perform a list of items from the task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  dictionary   attempts
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as subtd on subtd .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  does   null

test:  get an action class .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  get   return
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like alloca_once() .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  fetch terms about the api about the api about the given footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  fetch   set
truth:  return   data

test:  gets all jobs for all jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the fk4 c="&98;az" kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of data dictionaries by serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with the given params .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  validate a name of a -]*[a-z directed .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given unplug option .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  sign the json file with the correct plot .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  signs   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of applicable types .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given a partial property in a series .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  map   map

test:  strip pair of workers according to the couchdb table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  serialize   call
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  if a project that a year is valid .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a single filename .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   return
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to a python function with a timeout; if the called function to return before the called function to a python wrapper .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform metagenomeseqs fitzig normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  run a list of dicts to return their coverage .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sample the number to the number of bytes in the human readable string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  sample   matching
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  start the default stack trace .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  start   logging
truth:  required   items

test:  push a push registry to available changes .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  push   push

test:  example routing routine for all routing interface .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  routing   routing
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  get the sha1 template for the passed series of names .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  analyze   response
truth:  get   get

test:  composes a list of manifest back to test arguments in an iterable of geometryentity section .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  return true if value is available .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  shows a user for a specific user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move to the current text direction .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the release--desc--short' to get the users being tested .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test equalization of specified eeg channel .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   interpolation
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate vm .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  computes the successors distance between source and edges in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  limited is a list of the ldap network configuration file objects .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests on tableblock .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  populates   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  entry in the headers .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get the queue instance id associated with a specific project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convert string to utf-8 and system string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  make   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tries to retrieve all currmod module lists .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode 'geoserver' .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   geonode
truth:  stop   stop

test:  if vote at least one end of the input string .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   return
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add the edges index .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a service name .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  transforms each item in the list of strings into one line .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   check
truth:  null   argument

test:  return qurl for a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  url   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the name of the enumerated member .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy for the django theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists of rfc characters contained in modules .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  given an image data .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  step in the following numsamples: .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  step   function
truth:  have   i

test:  find matching credentials in trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an /proc/meminfo hostname in a default .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse a value out of a dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically remove a function from the critical version .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  format a value for display .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate a student to all the user of an existing course .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  initiate   send
truth:  manage   null

test:  a type for defining asynchronous type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   add
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get the minimum apps listing as a .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a room to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   authentication
truth:  sending   message

test:  given a gradient mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot a legend with a jenkins equivalent in the given show label .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a filter that checks if the user is students and the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert the text to a char-like ms sql command .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get files exist in the provided service via ssh .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  files   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a remote shell from a remote location returns none if a certain name of the package calls to the open a watch shell .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate an elastic key for the specified key .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  the hermite reciprocal function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  object   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  read in the current thin devices .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  read   a
truth:  list   current

test:  return the name of a query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the return value of a string and return the rows .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  find   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add given string .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  fetches the public domain for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the absolute path of the file filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared variables for testing .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return the egg or la platform .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  all tags within tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  return the data from the first letter .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the unicode string path name for the given kernel name .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  use   windows

test:  check if paths have the specified path .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  if   increment
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network from the destination object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we dont crash if an logging level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test decorator that skips tests .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  test   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  render the jinja environment with an instance .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  convert a dict of strings into a unicode key .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update the path of the specified path using the following fields .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  update   a
truth:  get   path

test:  read a position from a start tag .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   security
truth:  fetches   a

test:  updates increases with json .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update user change user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  update   handler
truth:  change   primary

test:  pmf a value from a list of keys .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   distribution

test:  assigns an old dict to a mechanism admin function .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  convert a version string to the highest version .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  fetches   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  given a list of files .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a trace for this function returns the index of the axis .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a list of indices in the form that implement the given list of nodes with terms .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  write the bzr .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  testing   function
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  individual to make a copy of the original copy .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  to   iterator
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  cast   a

test:  get the api time calls for the highest thread .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a resource servers to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  abort   version
truth:  restore   a

test:  get data configuration .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for usage of different items from the node(s) .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  hook   return
truth:  computes   a

test:  remove the session session from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  remove   permission
truth:  get   get

test:  you dont sent an email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  add all attribute dictionary by subjects_dir .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  add   a
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve list of enabled login provider provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  retrieve   redirects
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculates a was sent if needed to the number of fields to any defined fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt print input to standard output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the approximate .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  initialize   python
truth:  display   display

test:  return a string of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get template path for a specific template cli example: .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  default   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator for adding the request to be updated at the specified request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host processes to disk .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a property randbelow to a positive integer or urllib2 string .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the subtracts qimage list for the specified bearing .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an action to the list of action instances .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  send   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the clique clique graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a unique status for a bokeh server response .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  get a trail .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  get   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the directory .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   compute
truth:  add   a

test:  return the container .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  exists   memoize
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download a invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   search
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the full path to the vm if necessary .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options to get options and return tuple .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return information on the system .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  package   package

test:  group is subplot .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  is   up
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  find the statement and return the exit code for a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  find   method
truth:  remove   remove

test:  make an aware timezone from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculates the md5 hash of a given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper for constructing .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate all entities associated with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  [width coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   set
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse the long .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses an cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check for heliocentric transforms the full test_badoptimization() objects to crash transform .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   task
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and object_id according to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httpresponse object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  given transition radius .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a child object .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   load
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a tuple in a given error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of reachedmaximumlimitforthiscategory' listing to eventually core/storage the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the json object of the mattermost .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  deletes comment with given request .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  verify that the tpot cli example: .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add the plugin to the specified role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  add   install
truth:  install   install

test:  process whether the value is passed to the datastore .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  process   null
truth:  compile   option

test:  get solid output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ipv4 address in packed form to its classical representation .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   server
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based op ids as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required vms and op ids .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that doctest really exist inside the function .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  check   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a path for a tar or raise an error if the specified key does not exist .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the path to a method call .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch the lyrics from config['lyrics']['google until the given engine is true .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove files in nzb .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add square to the pixel dictionary .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  make the full path of a python function from a filename .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   try

test:  convert the name to the disk instance .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode string encoded sdec string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  get the current defaults for the given defaults .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  applies   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   handles
truth:  update   collections

test:  return the actual lock of a threadsafe lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask a question; if operation should proceed; askquestion if the answer should ask the answer .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  display   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns the diagonal .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  trace   trace

test:  ensure that 3 works correctly formatted correctly work correctly .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether a 64-bit key exists .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate that the sqlite3 element of the given doctype .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  allow   ancestor
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator that checks if named service is currently set .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a files to at .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining remaining remaining start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   datetime
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random 16x16 sequences into 2 layer mlp with convolutional regression input values for no layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  train   float
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a python object .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert the json representation to json dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  get a ipython hook from docker-py .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  get   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the vmdk disk type .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure the container agent agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a number of bits .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  execute a named distribution .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function compute the symbolic likelihood image with a given axis ordering .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  patch startservice and stopservice so that they check the previous application first .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   startservice
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to the hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  fill an empty inventory to fill in the file .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   prints
truth:  test   mne

test:  checks if vtk is installed .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a boolean property in a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  set   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  get an image object .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a xml xml is verified .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  if   html
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get application error from a previously obtained .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  mail   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a symbol in emissions .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  -   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the cache database or downloads to the given object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a admins client that tests runs the control test .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the list of arguments in an iterable class .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  iterator over all files in the two-element .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  null   stores
truth:  finds   null

test:  test line axis option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  import an image .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  import   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  confirm text info should show a relative path .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  text   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   method
truth:  db   db

test:  test to ensure that you can let a duplicate file extension .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   get
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular cartesian coordinates to spherical polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  checks if the given model is callable for this model .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a custom master widget for that will send a grades and swift .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo binary sensor .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db index are marked as changed after the on-disk file ceased to exist .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  updates   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a module file by name .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  gets   import
truth:  generate   generate

test:  saves users subscription to the event on every event subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  migrates   null
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  create a default certificate version from a service .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  restart the zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test zero or more mean data .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a value for the indicated config in this file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  return   work
truth:  read   read

test:  when timer is set .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the default cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize remotes files from the role .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return sessions for backlog .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the tag for the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal api .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  null   split
truth:  given   a

test:  collect common camera integers .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  collect   helper
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  commits   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the clickableimage component of a dataset .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  simulate   a

test:  return a list of branch to a git hash of git repository .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if profile fully qualified model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the use of a logging logging operation .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the periodogram based on a square range .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download filename from the source to separate .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  filename   workflow
truth:  replace   replace

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  after worker(s) .
truth: hold election . 
test:  to   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  test that the python python python python python file .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   python

test:  attempt to uninstall the current machine via windows activation cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  process   attempt
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  is a sum of sparse matrix a .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a number of alfred to string .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  determines   number

test:  isolate messages from db .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  adjust   messages
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for permission requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional fragment or advanced destination components .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the shared and limit users that have been processed for the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  if   users
truth:  get   get

test:  stop all gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   gradient
truth:  returns   variables

test:  wraps a list of resource ips to get the current database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  wraps   matching
truth:  returns   a

test:  see :class:updates3errorpage .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage for the users .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as rowwise in rowwise .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  checks   replacement
truth:  take   a

test:  try to get a new ip address for the private key .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  make an array of overlap with same shape .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  fill   crud
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  split a user string into separate lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  split   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  extend the given database .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  if   check

test:  list all registered updates .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   list
truth:  defined   list

test:  deserializes a color color color into a complex start or color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a decorator for marking a lock-*-unlock method .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks whether a user has possible to access the current backend .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  predicate   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   calls
truth:  is   null

test:  return true if two independent and b are equal .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  this is a decorator which can be used as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  a view decorator which applies the post post .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  view   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns only the config limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  retrieve a date from zone returns: date or aware datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  retrieve   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a universal tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the tags from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if bucket was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if delete was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the dependency stream by prefix .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   pull
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a new widgets administration widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  test arg issues .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  set the traverses field in an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes an html template with html .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  takes   html
truth:  render   render

test:  convert an ndarray to an existing array or leading up to the type .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  test either a task name or a deprecated: known keys .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  gets the document to the client .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload data .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   method
truth:  upload   executive

test:  create an absolute path for each directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  assert   delete
truth:  unzip   null

test:  mock the plural to operate .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that class exceeds to be able to a class and also verifies the object .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  check a version of null versions and a tuple .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete an deleted by name .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the matrices matrix to pieces .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a thomson scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write a new target stream .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  color   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get triangle output from attribute dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return a re-written application path for the specified resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  actually a: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns entries .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  print   null
truth:  list   current

test:  get messages for messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  reports   messages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a higher order .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  function   loading
truth:  test   test

test:  convert data into an query object .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  return   return

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert complex derivative of real-order bessel function kv(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  change the users password cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  change   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the verisure component .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  checks whether the password meets the password 'password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  import some str or module dependencies .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of zones in the given country code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a bcachex .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  convert   basename
truth:  return   return

test:  check the optionally test cases .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  a byte-swap instruction used by a number .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  null   entities
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is disabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return folders of folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  evaluates up the core files using the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  uploads   files
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return inverse of 1 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  function   function

test:  list shared permissions for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   list

test:  gets the name of a start with sudo .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  return   find
truth:  clean   up

test:  take the result of the result along the given range .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  take   return
truth:  build   a

test:  if given page is currently being used .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   child
truth:  checks   page

test:  return a list of acceptable list of objects .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to decorate user api to keep credentials credentials .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for setting default .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   module
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the name of the template string .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the result of the dataset .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   null
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the old squaring of a .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test that n331 style matrix blast_db no of callback .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands into the system .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   information
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the sorted list of the pdb .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  recursive   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  collect and choose the django messages from a particular footer .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the last copy of a given target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  default   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test setup/update model:: text in dot22_to_dot22scalar .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  parses titles variables from the name of the file .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  parses   open
truth:  read   read

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute and return the entire functions .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  a colours can generate and return text .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  union   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a number to an integer representing range .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cfn security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a fused compound types .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a particular url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a list of test labels from data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   mr

test:  returns the similarity of two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given two possible datetimes .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   function
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an absolute path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new service .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  skip   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieves the root metrics for the filenames section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  read   return
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals data type version an iso8601 format .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   shortcut
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  entry point for the script execution .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  rebuild   permissions
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade the passed package upgrade upgrade multiple package options: update to install .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   packages
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple view .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up always returns the beginning of the file .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   string
truth:  url   url

test:  add the box for a background image .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  checks   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert that the mask of an getmaskarray is not equal to a ancestors .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return true if name is of pid .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures a file .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the attribute for an valid interface and body .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   command
truth:  input   input

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  takes a specific header headers that will be included in the given string .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  multiply a list of all a vector with a list of tuples .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  multiply   function
truth:  simplify   a

test:  move the app into a previously needed for a header .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  fixes   setup
truth:  text   text

test:  creates a new network model for the vm .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  update the messages that the given user already logged .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  update   delete
truth:  apply   action

test:  ensure that the power types are present in the entire power state .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one or more iterables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  support function for quality quality 3 .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  displaying   program
truth:  bins   bins

test:  find and return windows using the given root node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a sorted list of sorted by the given model id .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the current request as the threaded extension .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   up
truth:  setup   worker

test:  convert a trend to a geojson-suitable version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given an iterator .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configures for a given node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture to mock fixture object fixture so that the bindings are automatically called after the test case .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  like np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   font
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   predict
truth:  null   null

test:  include in the filters matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   in
truth:  include   include

test:  test value validation .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   delete
truth:  test   latitude

test:  returns a dictionary of info['fields'] for the given resource schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  register an instance of the publishing .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   formatter
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  null   group

test:  return the context used for a target will be stored as a target context .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the parent directory of the collector is enabled .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  make   null
truth:  config   key

test:  loads all messages from a different python files and exit if its contents .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert an timestamp to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  vector factorial to the factorial of the second kind .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving delete methods .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  converts a clsid of cyg to the ordered interface .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   facet
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a config file or raise an encryption integer .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  stop the container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  execute   keys
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  this function is used as *sql* to catalog hash .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a l{deferred} property with a cascading name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update a string if path is created .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dict a request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  search   parse
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten items or .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a bunch of sequences that are followed by the training data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  copies the list of security properties .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setvif* .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of an object .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  take   null

test:  compute the spatio-temporal random transform .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  fetch context set .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  db   notification
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  used internally when creating a validator .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  used   data
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the fitness for testing purposes .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  calculate   class
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  when using media name .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a dict of function names and their running plugins .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  if   null

test:  login the given interpolating cli example: .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  scan   reject
truth:  log   in

test:  creates a message protobuf to an ack message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  find a pattern or text after a single pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  resolve   text
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the given screen .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load an facebook graph from a dag graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add arg to a .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a url .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  given   function
truth:  apply   html

test:  load custom dlflags .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   try
truth:  bundled   load

test:  few the database tables to establish all the current database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  perform   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  return whether the maximum error given by x and y .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return case .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  text   text

test:  search to add posix-like size .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  error   error
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a number to a julian tensor of n composite numbers .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an rpc object that will return the given number of rpc .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  create   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  check if all the style style has a custom style cache .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return info about a range of the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  build a network interface name string into a network interface name is .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  returns   binary
truth:  return   a

test:  view to start a report for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   html
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a 0 .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a server exists .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  basic config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  null   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print out the output of the selected response .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   print
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  compatibility decorator for the __clrtype__ function using the correct case and happens .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   null
truth:  make   a

test:  change the current user .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the global colors in the current existing variables .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  set   a
truth:  change   change

test:  check that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a description of a file instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  describe   null

test:  similar to pythons subclasses of attribute :returns: true .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  rename the config to a config .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  store   information

test:  calculates public nfkd measure measure based on a fits image .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  check if domains is a valid domains string .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add package to the list .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  creates a json object for type or json .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  log out any pending user query .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  run ['aws'] environment and return the current settings .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  wraps an urn in a given name .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the moref .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  convert   num
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypt and then decrypt a given base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an object to a valid display spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the tensor that confine the plist for a tuple of tensor instance is marked to compute the backend instance .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the set of dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  generate classified document for shell macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  function   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test inverse plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   snr
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  a context manager for temporary temporarily change current python temporary directory .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   try
truth:  adding   context

test:  try to read to read from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the virtual machine for a datacenter .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  let   null

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  return   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a new sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a timestamp to a string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a default stdin .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   commands
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  flatten a set of tuples to 1 see numpy .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove paths from instance .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get list of info info field name from a blob specification .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the latest file from a repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  gets   ids
truth:  get   get

test:  return the bond1 from a video or a python code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  return   status
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  tests that we find a number of lists for issues .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  wait until a specific value is true .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  request   power

test:  get the current user name .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an int and write its pseudorandom equivalent to a python string .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read count 32-bit integer .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  test that you can be passed to the entire client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   test

test:  see url .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  rewrite   converts
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get disk file path for the linux buffer .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  filter version of pants .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open the given flipwritable file .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  open   returns
truth:  flip   null

test:  kill the endpoint we created as help as a string .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  joins   basename
truth:  null   null

test:  based on url 2 sets the value 2 .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  based   null
truth:  nested   merge

test:  generate the source and return its received length .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the schema properties .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  get   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a document and register it in the given object .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture to clean and test templates .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  the bytestring version of xml .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  is   str
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  obtain an http cookie associated with the given request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  given   a

test:  apply a human readable frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send a sensible sensible from an object .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  function   unicode
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  uses an order to sort paths for a given an order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  look   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  recursively sort a nested sequence .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  add an controllers to all controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  add   search
truth:  search   search

test:  convert a number to its integers .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   multiplication
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the absolute geometric transformation of squares .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to another .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  template tag for the given object in the context variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  render   tuple
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solve a value of positive differential equations examples .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solve   function
truth:  null   a

test:  test 4 passing lower case are equal .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  color   color

test:  eliminating an iterator by sorted the iterator .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  n346 : function name .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  mocked   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  parses the yaml table string from the form table will be used for key=value types .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  function   string
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get a mock response code from one of a response .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  get   function
truth:  mock   mock

test:  handles a widget into a dict .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  returns true if the given uri is valid .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   helper
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel finds and builds dependencies of editables .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  test that .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  test   push
truth:  to   function

test:  lookup and return field definition for a given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  lookup   parameters
truth:  return   field

test:  parse a script python script inserting it writes into a text python script inserting the text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  perform   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  assign   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary of coming static files to be used for setting of messageset .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the named user is present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display the plugin paths for all paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  json the request to the json server .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the index of a tensor .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  get the number of gpus to check if an object points to the same memory .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  get   check
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure that the scenario has least one string .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  check   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read the file from the file system .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  extract all of the possible extension from a string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  confirmation of ticket submitted rooms .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  count   default
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of exploration summary domain with the given ratings .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  push a thing to the appropriate recursion or false if it does not exist .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  push   split
truth:  returns   a

test:  permission object page .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for building a given qos - allowed_sorts .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  given the processs response body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  given   function
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  gets required module validation for a module .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  gets   runs
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require nova request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  extract the extract letter from a sequence of inputs and its dependents instance .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  list all available least one or more parent directories .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks fit and valued using a sphere estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a path to a 3d image .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   a

test:  import module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  module   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install the user for a particular forked e .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   django

test:  attempt to set the pyglet type in configuration .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   gl

test:  ofp_desc_stats the current default sources for the given path .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  default   null
truth:  check   check

test:  set the attribute of an object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  set   replacement
truth:  to   null

test:  for python 2 this is only re-loads .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add the palette .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  add   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  instantiates a tensor using the same shape and returns it .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  check   number

test:  returns true if the given items are equal .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  usage   usage

test:  compute the initial 1dbuggy .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper to timelinereturn .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  change every color to the string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the trace of the current stack trace from the start command line numbers .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should take the whole step rules from a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   name
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the absolute path of the file in the directory containing the file in which the file is stored in the given path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  count the number of json objects in a python broadcasting in the bit folder .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  count   bit
truth:  display   n

test:  copy the sentence chunks from a given sentence string .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the version of contacts to have checked out returns: str or 0 .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a theano features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a temporary random string .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  determines that location is currently registered with application location .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the grain for the current operating system .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  get   get

test:  output a file or string for elasticsearch .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  custom representation of contacts .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  create the log message and write it to a file .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url from the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup the available []devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   connect
truth:  setup   setup

test:  there is no threading to be sent to the final machine .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  release   release

test:  a view used to render a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   show
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate the given network from project and raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  output a due representation of a datetime .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  convert the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  try   wrapper
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   attribute
truth:  function   function

test:  remove an ssh dir from datetime .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get the manifest to retrieve the path of a directory .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   formats
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session string .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  format dates from a datetime .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the minimum discussion type and in course type .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part raw password .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an xrds tree not the given tree or none if it cannot be exported .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns project name .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  append   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merges a transaction after the given sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch raw images from the target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an debug message .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce the traffic_manager process and the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   a
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the current buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a query .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the json dataset corresponding to the superset .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the given interval from an array of end to apply autoregressive tensor or both intervals and @statfuncdef .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the deprecated option value for a key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  function - counts of a square-free polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  used   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the system state : string name of a^p cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  return   list
truth:  set   set

test:  produce extension with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  convert a memory label or its a string representation of memory or stop memory value .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test the string trying to compute quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  tests   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  build and return the value of the given service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get date sizes .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   check

test:  list a new disk to the given disk on the given disk .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  returns the unicode string to bytes .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  convert the name to an optimizer function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a greyscale array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts the context of the request to the specified request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a row of bokeh layout objects so that it does not appear under a grid of bokeh .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns true if the specified path is a syncfile .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensures the __clrtype__ between the metaclass and the metaclass in the metaclass .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  wraps   types
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a random environment variable .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list all files under directory and add them to the specified directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as access to the function .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  cast terms to dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  like   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  receives a human-readable string to handle multiple term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images tags .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start arma process for building the default process metadata : array_like the number of true for ma .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   stream
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  setup the specific initialization tasks on the app .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion cli example: .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to the linking connection cli example: .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  to   method

test:  like styles .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms id to use .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  it should have at least the length of the scenario .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  get [root]for .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  get   output
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission to the managed user under a given user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if code is a string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  null   null

test:  get the bitmap for the given image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the temporary directory path for the domain .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  convert dense cross labels to an image of a dense weight for dense cross labels .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  remove zero kernel .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside some window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  view   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculate the standard bottom-up vectors for a given target .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  loops   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the getcdlistdir directory containing the getcdlistdir modules which has been downloaded .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test variance of invalid stats .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  try to get cache file .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining description strings .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   new

test:  read all volumes targets that have been downloaded .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   a
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a apps to seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tokens[ a list of all valid and sorts a named object into the form that can be found in the named folder name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the internal identifier for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns the module to be installed or it would to import any module that require the module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  import   import

test:  calculate the values of two linear operators into a set of strings .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  calculate   distance
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up an input string to render an existing document tree data structure for programmatic use with file-like object .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  downloads a file or a directory recursively an optional filename .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  pending   dir
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  do   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the currently playing logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  send notification to email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  to   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  decodes a text to text .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replace the given function using the name of the keyboard wmi .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  replace   testing
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of all items for a specified job .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dict representation of a list of truthy/falsey .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  null   word

test:  wrapper around dst .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  function   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  read a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  read   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return an array of floats to a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  stream   solve
truth:  return   return

test:  get the learning phase for the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  unicode unicode to bytes .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  string   pass
truth:  object   object

test:  returns the job name of the given job id .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function for sign in []lines .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  is   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  put to generate a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   post

test:  return a string with the sql server .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  rendering   sql
truth:  hash   hash

test:  returns a vector of shared variable with zero elements .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  returns   estimate
truth:  initialize   a

test:  try to find a file in the list .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove file paths .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the percentage of a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  a demonstration matrix with the first item separator returns a list of strings of its component .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns a url to the file located in the range returned by the setting parameter .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  used   template
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess for the current thread .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  destination the accepted method .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  show   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new xor cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  debug function .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: ci-skip enable ignored for the build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified category is suppressed .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current colormaps colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new schema in the given host .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  returns true if the object is a class for a bokeh type .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the path to the freesurfer_home executable for a launch namedtuple .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  calculate output size for output implementation .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  output   output
truth:  apply   a

test:  get the actionexecution for a given parent id .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap the single single single single table identified by the function .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a string timestamp .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart an empty view .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  builds an html response .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get a file name of a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the current domain page or reflected .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   page
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a redirect to the user .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  push   redirects
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only work on return .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  whether the credentials in this context has any according to the given target .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that column raises invalid column is accepted .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if pattern matches a pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   function
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   names

test:  just test without the given name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  skips   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new metadata rule to the vm .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  to   apply
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add multiple rotation to bio .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  edge   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack tcpip to a file-like object .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  float   unpack
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns true if mac_string is not a valid git address .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   check

test:  return a file-like object from a valid file size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plot the bottom in each dataset .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the shape of a tensor .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a generator which only create the following fields .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  return   null
truth:  post   post

test:  return a figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  float of array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  get the category for the webapp .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  set up the system target .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the raw hash of the key .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  python 2 and 3 calls a given package path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns given object the iterator for suds protocol .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   resolves
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to sleep a fake git-commit-id .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  function   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if any symlinks are available for certain files .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  include   null
truth:  files   files

test:  apply an attribute to an object c{obj} as a relationship processing .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container from a docker installation container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  show   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  format a message in particular exchange .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  export   a
truth:  return   parallel

test:  compare an encryption .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a tag exists for an s3 tag .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns map of a sequence in a sequence .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  create country regions from country based on country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  pick   generate
truth:  given   one

test:  set global resource types in dll/exe dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   resources
truth:  update   update

test:  get user keys from gpg keychain date .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  get   function
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove all the data from the index .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  if   a
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete attendance .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  performs a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  halt   a

test:  convert the epoch class to epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  convert   content
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to ensure that the default translation is not required .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  access   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  service view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  register a registration view for a github registration update .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of translation terms into a bunch of the given data .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the ones are zero .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random hash of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  remove file from a editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  file   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a copy of node with the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  read all entities from system .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  read   source
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability successors .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ask for searching to regular expression and return its min .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  ask   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  upload a plugin into the selected validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear regression polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   polynomial
truth:  order   order

test:  parse a unix creation field and return a python datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  initialize network to match a recordsensor record .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned field of a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper to get data over a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  to   url
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a non non batch_size: versions of expiration inputs .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generate   algorithm
truth:  construct   a

test:  given a list of words .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  given   error
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  build arguments that are specified in the command line .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  supports   null

test:  the fulfillment attribute will be used to get required by the course .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  creates a new app .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a sqlalchemy connection key for the value of querying model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a user from a request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the number of seconds .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   coordinates
truth:  token   token

test:  return dot dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  read   *
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and parse value of type type type type type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  the payload will be accessed by an bson .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  base   arguments
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a revision object into a list of dicts .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the match or just int .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  stop the enclosure compatible distribution objects where *x* is a re-extracting number of channels .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f matches a regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  using   filter

test:  make sure expands is : tuple containing pairs .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create a version-specific principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  calls the specified command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts action for the specified queue .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates the database tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return a pyqt4/5 seed correlation object .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the token can be used to a token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  return   text
truth:  if   null

test:  charts view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  view   null
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys endpoint for a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  for inverse of the node that is its nodes .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  resizes video output and save it in a video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  resizes   console
truth:  merges   video

test:  install the temporary directory .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  install   output
truth:  null   initializer

test:  predicate for valid mark a usually request object is a permutation where it is a integers of .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build the devs interrupt to attach the available devices to tuples .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  build   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse single wsgi auth to python auth string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going to the loop .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter a list of files used as the image at which a list of right processes .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  modify   decorator
truth:  null   variant

test:  wraps the steps in a source image .
truth: helper function . 
test:  wraps   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can check translation view .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns frequency of all javascript files in a javascript file .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  error   return
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  convert the date of the input variants to a tuple .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loglikelihood approximation of the order-k function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  hash   function
truth:  function   function

test:  check the value of a lambda function .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  evaluate   point
truth:  normalize   a

test:  takes the input context in the form section 9 .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  replaces   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get the saved si instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require a django request limit .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of the custom custom custom sql box .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  get the currently selected status strings from a python task .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  get   vm_state
truth:  map   map

test:  return a lc_messages language directory matching and distributed status names .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the functions modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the filter_words .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  calculate   attempt
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate the object from the object to the local cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if node is a generic node with the given node plus node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert the compiled type to utf-8 encoded .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  deactivate a user from a deactivated user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  loop   delete
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  given a list of lists of block_size .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  given   storage

test:  check whether an object is a iterable of cuda objects .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove leading seconds from a timedelta instance .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  fasta   strips
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  function   package
truth:  package   package

test:  a descriptor of descriptors .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  null   logarithmic
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if a special **opt has been deleted .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  truncate an instance of a file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  truncate   create
truth:  create   create

test:  idenfity the id of this instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test release when git repository is instantiated .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   strip
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   length
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  dictionary   function
truth:  to   try

test:  callback for marking test .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by datetime .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   power
truth:  send   a

test:  get an objects representation of an object .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   a

test:  list all versions of the given function name cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list the functions for all renderers modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a declare keys to its starting .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the subnetid of a query .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the cached time zone as the default channel .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  ensure concurrency eight processes for linux differencing .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  url   url

test:  return a human-readable instance for a service .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list cloud provider cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  extract a base identifier .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves the scope of currently active context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  starts a strategy .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  debug   debug

test:  helper function to display the specified process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  make   run
truth:  run   program

test:  create a unique filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints a pub/sub message .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  order   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  retrieve the path for the given module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check for indices and values .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the named auth exists .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a new graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read zero or more filesystem issues .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add some enrollment info to the users enrollment data .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  joined   null
truth:  append   course

test:  test delimiter table value .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the sentence matches any of the given pattern .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a devices to make changes from the devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   netmiko
truth:  set   set

test:  return recformat .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  return resource summary plus the container .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  display   a

test:  fetch the units that will be used to ensure it is next .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  to   null

test:  main function for the hashes status code .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the list of available '{}/static/{}' url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decode and then inflates according to rfc1951 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  elementwise of n elements of positive integer k = none .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   null

test:  catch the logging configuration .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  init   init

test:  cleanup test related test related patches .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  a decorator for adding a function to the wrapped function calls .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find the node with the given node .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first child of the node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  group a group by name .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  strip   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 encode .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  string   string

test:  correlate correlation of arma representation explicitely .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  build a simple string representation of interactive .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get vlm_media instance playback name .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  get   information
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the given review and returns all the mappings .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  construct an array of int64 along each line .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieve user from user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a answer .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  print   null
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and invoke callback .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all 'list-images' in the cassandra directory .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the integrals sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an inverse cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  trace   class
truth:  build   a

test:  given a dictionary that will be unique .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  [it[i] a list of indices in the array type .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code objects .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  compute a excluding matrix for a square .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the type access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  populates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict of arguments like parts .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  read from the database and return the contents of the db .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: send a test to notification force .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  tests   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get the gid and the group of a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx decode-url command .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  hash   column
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information about the image as image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  helper to extract and setup callables .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  evaluate a sympy expression or visual to identity classes .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  install a package schedule .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  install   undo
truth:  import   import

test:  send report to user .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  reports   accepts
truth:  send   auto

test:  return all sub-collections of a file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  chunks   file
truth:  get   get

test:  get the divmod of x under y .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  get   get

test:  mount the minion modules .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  mount   stop
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  adjust the amount of integer-order and start a list of next evv instance .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  adjust   threshold
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the __*__ polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  gets the total stats for this user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  save   statistics

test:  square a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters into a dict of list .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return all advanced polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  negate   filter
truth:  make   null

test:  make sure two requirements file when blank requirements file is specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  make   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the geometric forward x and forward .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  ensure time zone is enabled in a given time zone aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  ensure   time
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the an adapter with the same adapter as none .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  creating   null

test:  cast the user to make sure registration note it is run before returning nan .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decodes the base64 encoded string into plain code .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return text or list of the email address found in getaddresses .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the memoize http initialize function this decorator will be called via non memoize functions .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  learner a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  view   a
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the rho rho for a non-negative array .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize ip address for testing .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   test
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get all installed alembic inside the system .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the elapsed for the decorated functions .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  this function does a random integer so it can assign a s6 attribute to be used as random .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset a development environment .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  get the currently set of alias name in the currently selected alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  stop a child node .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all describe keys from a specific api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   info
truth:  gets   information

test:  filter a list of a string by a given dictionary .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply constrained minimum .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  filter the k by numpy array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  volunteer programmes controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the ranking of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize the platform name .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   class
truth:  use   nd

test:  chunks chunks of data according to the given size .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   list
truth:  null   chunk

test:  the reports for this test will fail if mpl is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   plugin
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that a namespace object is not empty .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the minion to use .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the time of the standard normal representation .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  function   elementwise
truth:  null   null

test:  ignores node aws .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  return a relative mime mime mime url for a pull request .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns an instance of an existing post .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  returns   neutron
truth:  get   service

test:  format a time .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  remove the configuration from a single zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  get data list of managed sequences .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  gets path of standard architecture directory for user .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post user or group .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  converts a pre-formatted protobuf to a c{set} .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixdirlist
truth:  null   null

test:  grab a warning pair .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  grab   entry
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is smaller than an error .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  get or add a database in python 3 and always returns a list of concept rows .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  get   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the default webos component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns a list of numpy objects that are not created using numpy array with numpy array of numpy 1 .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  function   list
truth:  read   read

test:  get module path of the unused spanning for the given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  truncates a file .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncates   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  make the unix subdirectories of a file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  puts markdown from the command line and write markdown to the options or recorded .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the 'setxkbmap{ layout of the bugs cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   current

test:  connect to the currently loaded file and return a list of accepted .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  true if the flipwritable produce a dependency .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  strip   a

test:  validate a variable shuts shuts is used to create .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  value   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a command down the telnet channel .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  run   output
truth:  send   a

test:  list all the subdirectories of a specific set of aliases .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an s3 s3 location from s3 .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   template
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  takes a variance object and returns a list of dicts .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  takes   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the default solution for a single order .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  computes multivariate normal assumes x is 1d parameters x : array_like the number of observed variables .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  images - targets - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  -   -

test:  create and initialize a astroid document for document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a tuple of particular snapshot names .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  setup   setup

test:  creates a file contents to an s3 location .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  build a dersequence **vol function: **vol message context .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  a key key key for setting storage .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  get a socket from the local ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of stored in the system .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  loads the list of plugins for an existing service .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  named   load

test:  user have no email set .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  verifying   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read the channel .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  provides   read
truth:  read   read

test:  ensure a ctypes function query to super .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  have   null

test:  test for a {a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns true when n throws an exception when n throws an exception when n > 0 when n > the tpot clause
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a tokenization setting the ports of a given setting using top of the file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  export   null
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the linode operator .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the version from znc version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  allows   server
truth:  return   version

test:  fill the contribution text .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  fill   output
truth:  draws   null

test:  generates an api limit from a request .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  downloads   variance
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches user info from all course nodes .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  errors   null
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  returns the installed versions of python .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a suffixpatterns in a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a xml source error system line with the linux system line name of the linux system line .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   network

test:  pyjserror the mean .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   irreducibility
truth:  create   a

test:  write out a like a conda directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a method on a single place .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  return a list of sample information about the given object .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  fetch service manager and return type in a vcenter server .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  determine if a header key is given to decrypt .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  make a series of the init fitting to avoid testing .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  make   change
truth:  to   fixture

test:  equivalent to translation .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  warning   status
truth:  return   python

test:  this function looks at the specified inline .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other magic to other :class:elasticsearch .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tuple from a tuple like these are nested _d_ .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   like
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features are installed features cli example: .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   start
truth:  to   null

test:  start a list of directories .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  prints   list
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  get the points in a list of ints that are inside another point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   files
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the task is true .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a string - used for testing the connection cli example: .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  iterates through a dictionary and create a dict from a list of fields as a dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a reference string .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a flattened lowercase .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the configuration is a valid device .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  download a file-like handshake to its previous bytes .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  download   compute
truth:  read   in

test:  tests if the logout at least one of the bool and progress strings .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  retry code at primary url .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  return   python

test:  return the list of unique data files .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  returns http request as a string .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  reverse   selection
truth:  is   null

test:  merges dictionary value by adding new values to dict .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  given a generated link from paths and display it .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  -   urls
truth:  given   a

test:  return the given html string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete items in the given index .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize a url .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  builds a python object for the given document .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   python
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  takes a string and returns value .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  clean   equivalent
truth:  value   value

test:  helper function to convert a collection of four .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function performs the given xml input and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  clone a negative value from a model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  delete theme in theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a user list of paths for doc and create a list of paths .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the random normal design function .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of startup to enable the nginx variable in the use .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   up
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut for the specified service .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip the prefix from the provided url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  strip   api
truth:  extract   null

test:  for an authentication and matching authentication .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  null   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  homebrew_packages reduction / pages and return a list of sequences containing the location of the subsets .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  starts   object
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that numbers can be loaded .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  check   check

test:  publish the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a posix model and returns a list of paths .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the media_player is not available .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert all special characters in text into clickable mode interpolate_tuple .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  try to swap the wards audit interface for the user .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  attach   usage
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url portion of the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns lowercased string as a more than the file .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  format   whitespace
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the number of enough .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the data from a 3d or pass in 3d .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  make test for axis axis .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  make   x
truth:  test   line

test:  register a node that runs the android event bus .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a list of elements in l .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  extracts   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get tuple of residual .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  list files under tree .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  list   change
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the version of iface that is marked with the given container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  make a response for a valid receipt from another app .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  searches for a regular expression objects compiled using regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return query version of the given api .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check directories created by mapping operations to node2 .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  returns the validation number for a number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the variable of config variable or () variable this function takes a variable of the config .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   change
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  list the partitions after a list of letters .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  create   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the disk usage of a particular instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  halt   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  executes the given command and fix the pipeline status .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get info of the document for the document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  drop   configure
truth:  to   attempt

test:  open bracket bracket file and return the location of it .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  null   grep
truth:  if   null

test:  clean our response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  clean   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the walker patch for test_pickle parameters depth_first : int number of walker .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send send summary of users .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  measure the number of prediction read from the estimator .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  deprecated: processes the alfred output to converted to the alfred .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  mysql a new wiki document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  form an error .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  mail   validates
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the logistic log likelihood of an image .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypt an input string to ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  applies   load
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple middleware for the graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   test

test:  inbox filtered index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  check if user has write access to the permission .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   permissions
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the username/password is mtime .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the backend to be used as the backend checks if the backend is enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   compatability
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit func - optional arguments to be called termination kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a issubclass .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with an image in float64overwrite .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that the gar .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert a datetime object to a unix offset .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  lookup   rfc
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a unicode string to text .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the utype distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the directory .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   plugins

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  update user info badge .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  executing   add
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per comment indentation .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   run
truth:  use   use

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   languages
truth:  require   foo

test:  return file number to the current machine .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  get the result of a file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   page

test:  display display to the actual category .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  display   a
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the filename is a unittest filename for one of the normal unittest used .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the hash of the given requirement specification .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  reads   html

test:  the passed in the object is a qahera .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  escape the given value .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the node nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  small_stmt : return_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  returns the score score to be returned in lists .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the compliant that can be encloses with a single path .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate duplicate elements from a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode a base64 encoded certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return a list of unique elements in the given iterable .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  filter   find
truth:  given   null

test:  get the view of the latest plugin associated with a given plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  elementwise   i
truth:  cross   cross

test:  get settings for django .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  set   set

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  specify   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  get all sm flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   a

test:  only return if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   works
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  allow   objattr
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  if possible service is passed to work on windows path if possible .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   start
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in an another situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   inline
truth:  avoid   null

test:  inner the expected correlation measure .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  find   x
truth:  return   return

test:  test if an error is not empty .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  if   use
truth:  make   null

test:  return true if path can access config .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  return   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test for riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  find all attribute solve and report them from a module .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   return
truth:  null   null

test:  check if an credentials is but with a single authentication password or if the path to the socket property to the password would want to python password address and password
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  if   null
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of tuples and an iterable .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of docker upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  find and return the contents of a file on the master .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  files   return
truth:  read   read

test:  merge two sorted polynomials from channel component strings .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  merge   up
truth:  named   add

test:  send email without recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   email
truth:  context   context

test:  weighted version of getattr() that will be either be: or "checkerboard" .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  return the version of a string or a version .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  from a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  paren the given node .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   return
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique elements from the right command .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  alias for g .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a filedescriptor or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get the default string as a number of html or an html string .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute the command passed with the given hadoop .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   modules
truth:  command   command

test:  compute the series expansion of an array with a primitive matrix .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the data for the directory .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   processing
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between each direction in the model .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  estimate   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  plot all gnuplot parameters from the input source parameters ip addresses .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  plot   form
truth:  to   null

test:  test that column can be ignored outside a column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if a number is y according to its built-in helper function .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  get the sysctl address for the given popen .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  differentiate the dimensions of logits .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  directed   cluster
truth:  pads   null

test:  print the exit code to stderr .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  print   function
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if an procedure is gcode .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the default context variable name from a future function .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the api response for the api .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  sets the temporary schema .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  email   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert pil image into network rois assumed to rois returns none .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform a simple steps to get the predicate for a given predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  perform   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  simple wrapper for djangos __repr__ .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named launch alarm is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function used instead of code & client: a string with the same name .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  test that index removes previous column .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  aggregate   generate
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure we have some elliptical and emit unicode sequence .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  get all closed closed cursor to a type string .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  work   work

test:  shows the message storage .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  shows   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  adds a definition to the inline options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  disconnect an email this interface is intended to turn some ver1 volumes .
truth: send an email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  send   send

test:  verify a public key .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  gcal to julian date in degrees of the given julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates store form .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   change
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a property; by id .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a pull node .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load fixing from an ordered list of mbps functions .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  load   text
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant instance from a tenant and check it .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance image .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  send morning to deprecated .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parses network normalization and returns a dictionary of information for a given network network id and article includes the number of a different domain id .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   string
truth:  template   template

test:  returns a resource type for a resource .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  object   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  remove the returnshutil directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   source
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the canonicalized absolute path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  given a test and a list of hosts .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  given   tests
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get and transfer the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  start frappe from bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  document   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  halt the system after we know the test .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  halt   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  delete a path .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  send   a

test:  test whether the given object is valid .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a site-wide shortcuts so that google trends .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of all values .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  given   get
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if the intersection of g is intersection or not .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  example of a lazy page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return true if youre user can be following the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function took .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a gpg file for the given filename and create a gpg .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   create
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric test .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get all fingerprint of a given key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  allow an old transcripts of a particular user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   exception
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return the request object .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  return   close
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replaces whitespace than common occurs .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  cache backend should work for all opengl tests .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  backend   -
truth:  create   app

test:  generate lines from each similarity of a bunch .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a list of all available pillar data .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  return   return
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a default object .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a elementnode .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  converts   integer

test:  return a generator of all the nodes in an iterator .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterator   name
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether dynamic-choice is mounted on random .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a dir and all the given path in between the system .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  git program to create a wsgi middleware .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  middleware   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the side output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   get
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all notifications and their functions .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  object   object

test:  similar to the tep for the function .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  mocked the default utcstr method .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  mocked   mapping
truth:  get   current

test:  search for any invalid characters in python 2 .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  is   return
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  assume   doctest
truth:  =   =

test:  return the volume statistics for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a dictionary of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start development web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   run

test:  view for building a lx exit .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  view   return
truth:  display   display

test:  compute the continuous grade .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   tris

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners objects listeners to a string .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   listeners

test:  get n path from the file .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test that .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  importing   x
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 works properly support multi-line .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string retry of a function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  interable of the unix null server note: url is called .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an executable name for the given directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be present in the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  parses the closing string to an array .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  parses   new
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a networkx melded file for an input 4d .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   networkx
truth:  generate   generate

test:  turns a new path into memory .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  turns   name
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a helper func to update the database in milliseconds .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a list of an instance of every node .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a virtual interface record from the table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   up
truth:  fixed   get

test:  return a list of all items in the predicate database as a string .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the database to default .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   force
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure all provided bears from the target files are provided .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  will be called in the current service route .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the grep contents of a grep and writes it to the same name .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  format   line
truth:  called   null

test:  remove all files inside the tree .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  returns   paths

test:  runs grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  runs   role
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on a specific port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy data in dictionary to dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  makes   a

test:  path segments of os .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  null   spaces
truth:  get   get

test:  set a direct client on a connection .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the value is a bit ternary .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   function
truth:  value   value

test:  turn a resource object into a list of attributes .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  turn   data
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that ast variables exists and see if expression is true .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the specified instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   new
truth:  start   start

test:  return output of closest module .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of a previously obtained by id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   a

test:  test rechunking can be done as a chunks of dask array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  transforms all given key prefix into the given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  invoke   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws aws service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clean up an postfix file with a payload comment followed by automatic it with a new line ( .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  returns   uuid
truth:  complete   null

test:  temporarily convert any nltk object to a protorpc tuple .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   null
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  start new wsgi server encode .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  call loads post files in post config file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the install metadata for system metadata .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the symmetric bound to the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the decorrelation returns the filters/extensions dot product of the given vector .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  computes sparse matrix from an open column .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  recursive   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emits emits event usage usage usage .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   a
truth:  emit   events

test:  ensure bandstop for 3d published functions .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  usage: {{ color codes .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  importing the database to the database with the specified modules .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  validate the config string .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a new module name for use in the ui ui .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  wrapper for notification/nch .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  null   types
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a list of python code to a list of versions .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  turns   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return the number of gpus which contains an expression and number of expressions .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default user settings for a given user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   run
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string into a string of bytes .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  leading   strip

test:  load a status .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a positive expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  null   cross
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a text file and return the form object .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  checks whether the current request has been quickly .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert characters to hex string [thirdparty .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  convert   values
truth:  null   null

test:  application-specific -48 threads using the longer than the given number of threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  scaling   database
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute it took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create secret configuration for a temp file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check whether s3 can view buckets in a given secret .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting a file .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   a

test:  convert an image to a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if a decimal is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  directly return a configuring database .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   modules

test:  returns the data for the admin image .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at a given levels .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the given path from the file uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  float   anything
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a list of all info on the system cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return evoked data on baseline or all the data .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  evoked   list
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check if config and create live .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   method
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to define a template function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a blaze expression into a list of node that maps belongs to the corresponding expression tree for v2 objects .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: class .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   rgb

test:  the given goto goto goto .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  hits   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return true .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode data using base64-encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convenience function for creating a temporary image with prime data/config and then group directory .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  null   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  escape html escape for ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a date string and date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  return the iterables in an iterable that is the specified number of iterables .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  cyclen   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  apply text endpoints to a "find email .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   response
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain or an reply domain name .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a == b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to copy all modules in the given namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  execute   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  translates a bson string into a base64 and the user input stream .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get user anonymous cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  get   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user logout .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get the default id of the current machine .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  get   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if its string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  unicode   method
truth:  null   representation

test:  decodes a square monkey-patching string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  replace   lookup
truth:  remove   html

test:  generate a release for interacting with prbe vm data .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs the non-whitespace connection to the environment variables .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  performs   get
truth:  get   memory

test:  get the portion of the boolean span .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that can be used to find and whether an array .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  to   new
truth:  null   helper

test:  get current state as state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of tags .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse the user prefers header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a random ndarray of per-cpu elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  build an parameters and return a purges object descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  build   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the value of the wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a path to a file by default .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract and return a value from the src_namespace database .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  squared squared error based on their error components .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  squared   mean

test:  handle points of a point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  point   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the timezone of published entries in a datetime .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  produces   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  [lst[i fingerprinting integer work .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items type .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   type
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base path where ipython and cache is .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get default price list for a profile .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  default   return
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if server is using rackconnectv3 or not return the cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on a git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the supplied html contents .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  document   check
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure an ioerror does not try to load a store_fs .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   config

test:  return a prompting enum volume name of a group profile .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the distributed virtual environment for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a range of cib-file sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gets recent topics for this job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   a

test:  install the version information .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  require   return
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the *x* axis label of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check if the error code matches any files in the specified directories .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  list all available resource files in the current host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  list   files
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid basics .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  require the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  read a sysfs .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  return to download lines from shell command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   run
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the arrays of arrays work to the numpy version of broadcast_arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  an optimized function .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test reading kit sqd or source files .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do not allow users to use for the login via login .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two i names so that they dont always exist .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  compare   text
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract an array of steps from the whole step steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a package list .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asymmetric logistic model of theta 1990 special case: a1=a2=1 : gumbel restrictions: - theta in (0 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the line in typed .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  for image overlap .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add a user .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  make   null

test:  run runconf configuration files .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  run   string
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group to the group group group on the system group group if the group group is specified .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the path to the rcctl(8) sheet .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  get   sets
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear an application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  format a given cache parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  put a property from server .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  run   metadata
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prior absolute path to json .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  join   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the default quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  save all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  the mandatory cobbler version of python 2 .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change permissions to change their email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  control   email
truth:  given   a

test:  see a rational function .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  perform   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  build an build file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the filesystem file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  write   attempt
truth:  write   test

test:  asks the summarize_model test unless the summarize_model model is located .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  asks   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread messages .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes an instance of the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   keyword
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the channel for this deployment .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raises the given arguments to the arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  substitute   a

test:  get a list of hosts and stringified for a vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the parent directory path for the given test .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator takes a file where the given file is needed .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  file   reading
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return a key whose values is a dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  left   null

test:  yield a file-like object given a file-like object .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  given   input
truth:  return   a

test:  print a string representation of a surface object .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper for concerned errors in another module namespace note that the given module will run them to a database in the given module will run before or cleaned .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  compile   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if given time zone is  .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  if   datetime
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a account exists on the list of account .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  execute the desired period of the given repository c the branch .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  execute   method
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the location of the file installation .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  create a randomly sampled amount of two stream .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  lists the creds for given a cred_id and tenant_id .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  list all images images on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [servers] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new size of a theano value .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  get all instances from a list of regions instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  report   report

test:  initialize the runtime package in this package .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  set   up

test:  name: bus parameter .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  format   get
truth:  return   range

test:  test with an error .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new more than 2 lot of an integer .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  enforce the value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  enforce   a
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mongodb server .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates cwd for current working directory and cwd .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  loop   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get a class by name .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return windows in the given hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   torrent

test:  compute a string using the secret .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  compute   object
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  default   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sysfs file from the specified interface .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of zones zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  get   shows
truth:  list   everything

test:  apply the image in the viewer transformation of a given image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   version

test:  get the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  run a unique function using nickname .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get a string out of the given content .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a filename for a file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  load   a
truth:  see   null

test:  user delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a single thread in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   running
truth:  function   function

test:  make a config file based on current instance names .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  the modified mapping is in yaml document .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   ordereddict
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the similarity distance based on the wordnet argument .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the total epoch returned by epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  parse a policy executed for a configuration file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   policies

test:  check to see if partition exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe an open plugin by wait() .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  checks whether commit is a hypervisor_pool .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commit   helper
truth:  changes   changes

test:  add a list of all rectangular values to the supplied byte array .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  add   linear
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to return the specified context .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the distro attribute data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the kind of the user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the cnt match in ca match the given uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal the middle dimension of a 3d tensor .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test the the tpot cli interfaces 2 .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  return   axes
truth:  restricts   null

test:  queues an email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  create a widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  create   run
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets a value of the current task .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load frames function .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  error   error

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  call   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have sent to end in the body: .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  count   i
truth:  null   i

test:  retrieve a unique key for the given name and return a dictionary of queried parameters .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  replaces   bootstrap
truth:  look   up

test:  executes item from gpg .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the name of the current file so that the next line was read .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   handle
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  constructs user data at login to tenant cli example: .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random variables .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   change
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   set

test:  get node with any of the node id .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads / or a numpy images from specific" .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  reads   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  delete an action cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  test   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the value given an object_list and a field and its value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the amount of massert .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  calculates   figure
truth:  null   calculation

test:  when a user is removed .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  changes   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  context manager to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects django django django django django django args: health .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add the python version and version of the file .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a process exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  is this a proxy function .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  is   return
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of rights names .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of the daily table in the given contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  to   one
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the reverse value of value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a file given in a range of a filename .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall packages using pkg_delete(1) name the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a test view when build a new cmd .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the string representation of products .
truth: print line . 
test:  return   value
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the group groups and validate it from group group .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a chunk of bytes values into an dataunitsmustbewithin representation .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the path segments of an url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  return   info
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a unicode based on a scope or unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a masked array .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  return   return
truth:  order   order

test:  temporarily change the proxy object to the proxy library .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  change   binary
truth:  changes   changes

test:  makes an absolute url matching given view .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset apache connections from the given list of names .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  extract   loss
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   resource

test:  true if the os has been set .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  enable the given error handler for the gettext code that was previously passed to the function .
truth: log os . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  log   os

test:  returns a function prototype for the given function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all values keys in dictionary keys to strings .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal routine to route a web page .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the average portion of prediction for different printer / where each score is the modified loss .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if ip is a method of the server .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python object to a unix python object .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   duration

test:  x -> x remove scalar .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  chown   move
truth:  null   null

test:  set the opacity data to the image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  point   security
truth:  change   change

test:  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse key=val from value file into 6 .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  return the entry point types from the next python definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   get
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert bytes in long into long bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open a file thru the new built-in socket .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   return
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for the default gui .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  point   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the head editable editable paths .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  converts   v

test:  pass config to facing .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests to make sure that a url is an api view .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper for genericipaddressfield .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   get
truth:  mount   a

test:  wrapper to execute old queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse an http response object command into a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a list of reverse-sorted instance .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  takes   python
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an instance of the source file .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance function for array .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  compute   version
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify and/or verify and/or octal files .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  write the given filepath to a file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  write   api
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a depth of a depth .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  like the given .
truth: on windows . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the tool has a definition that is set .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  patch the given repo and pull the results from the given uri .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  init   clone
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the spapplicationsdatatype .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   utf-8
truth:  run   flake8

test:  simple moving average .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage device to attach a block storage device to connect as name of the server to attach from server to connect .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  a feature decorator for set_language_changer .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  get a list of redis status .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  filters files in the system .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  search   search

test:  dummy function to skip test decorator .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  given   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  mock to mock cursor for connection .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  project   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  if controller is unavailable .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  modify   response
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a new version config .
truth: given a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return list of all network networks via a given number of inactivity .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test reading the attributes of a table .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  utility function to format the respective filename into json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints all common processes in the client .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  display   print
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the value of the named account for a key cli example: .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private certificates on a task and private key .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  run the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  run   run
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return a tuple for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the context of the current configuration dictionary .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes and make a python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a thumbnail and returns the necessary feed .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  create   a

test:  get the main check .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compile all fnclex containing .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   parse
truth:  compile   a

test:  extract the tag tags from request .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get the degrees of the current machine .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an iterator to the appropriate driver type .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random column of rseed vectors .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the url resolves from the given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the requested variable name for the requested jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  go   up
truth:  get   get

test:  collect filesystem files in a filename .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  collect   path
truth:  archive   sources

test:  return a string color tuple .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   home
truth:  get   a

test:  get the garbage class from the redactionpolicy .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  get   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  @event up database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  to   convert

test:  sort a list of dictionaries by key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  sort   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if all patterns in the specified patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper for adding the current config directory to the typemap .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  set   a
truth:  move   move

test:  read and return the readingconfigfile settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the value for the specified cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return last time and assigns for the given system .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  server   timestamp
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json subscription path to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get http user response from the http auth body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  modify   parse
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  pre-process used to parse and english the build an active snapshot .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tokenized expression as defined by default .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  returns   regexp
truth:  substitute   null

test:  load a generator that yields a able to get a able to sort the file paths from plugins .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  skip decorated test if a decorated attributes are defined .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  decorated   check
truth:  decorated   null

test:  transform epochs to the url-safe dataset .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sorts key in a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorts   graph
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from an object .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  displays the current time zone 'date+%z' :return: the current time zone 'date+%z' :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  visit the node in an html node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  register   a

test:  build a room .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  build   data
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a decoded string to a long more than the decoded decoded to 'little' .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  starts a python file using an varying module .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  apply   replace
truth:  to   null

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return the current time prompt for millesconds .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   tokens

test:  get all available details of the specified provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if first is greater than inside another number .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  delete exception info from scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks to see if all requests have the same filename and that errors them .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  to   data
truth:  gets   null

test:  database database database restful database database database database database database database database database database database database database database database restful database database database database database database database restful database database
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  coordinates   page
truth:  create   create

test:  write the current file to the following size .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   signal
truth:  write   a

test:  solve an ordinary range for a complex surface of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  select   solve
truth:  solve   real

test:  which the rest status for a person titles(s) .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   override
truth:  null   null

test:  show a question .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  return the [elementwise] axis of a smallest window .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: env-script add a build step to the user preferences .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   stash

test:  fetch a review instance .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  get profile when new user was made .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  profile   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a repository for the received tool shed {% owner %} for the received tool .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a generator for building a sequence of lists of polynomials .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   system

test:  return the default database dictionary .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  return   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  make a random string .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates an application for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return true if urls can be considered similar to a url .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if given field is unique .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds shared bus logic for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the virtual disk - the virtual hard to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  twitters feature inner variables for the img1 .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   features
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the models for a square matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all instances on a node using the given node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a app from the current site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  uninstalls   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  computes the coefficient of the mean .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  gets prefix from a path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serializes and decompresses the given data structure .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  s   pickle
truth:  given   null

test:  imports and returns a resized image if needed .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  update   vals

test:  return the amount of a heappush followed by a heappop followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a large range .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the root rows for the given ids .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return the path to the directories that describes the given directory .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  logs an error if a file is more than configuring char list .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   tests
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   function
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  replace testing and respond with a csp headers .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  replace   method
truth:  to   method

test:  factory method for making a factory which will respond to the next api record id .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  guess and return all .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  check   check
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  returns all registered warnings types as a tuple of category .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for the duration of the curdir temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helper function to convert the top of an object to a member .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a test suite can be imported and has modules .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given a string in the list .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  given   function
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns try to get supervisor packages for a file .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a json request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   a

test:  assert that the problem is displaying a particular scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   error
truth:  have   null

test:  get the cache instance .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the data centers for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to decorate a test class and refs .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary mapping of the given tab name to the right tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  return   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return html matches for the document .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  return   html
truth:  if   check

test:  validate the parameter for a mongoreplicasetclient .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  modify   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return true if type is a simple or false .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  get   xml
truth:  add   a

test:  create new temporary file using identifier in case you should create a temporary file on identifier .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  content   content

test:  send u'weinsertintotable' into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  get   change
truth:  insert   insert

test:  reset the list of all available sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat the function calls to func with specified arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a json usage on a specific dns usage .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  a helper function to height the given parent has any shape that will be exported within a given number of parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  null   object
truth:  return   return

test:  build the server; scm tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  build   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  create an home assistant server configuration from the default home directory .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  create   a
truth:  install   install

test:  simple soap attribute .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  format a list of message sizes appropriately for use in a friendly response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert state to state saves to the current default state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  ensures that <branch_name> does not start with expected populates the altaz altaz .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  the decorated function under current user .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   a

test:  convert value to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  formats   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install and update the cli options .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  install   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  convert a cloudinstance object into an :) object .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  creates a new wsgi setuptools so that operations .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator to enable a function or instance of one ascii tag .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  to   str
truth:  helps   null

test:  given an old limit limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  given   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that the given log and no exceptions are built .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  check   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list with elements in structured bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  boolean   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  update the file system .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  update   calculate
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that pads lines of a string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the deleted attribute to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  config_gen config_gen to avoid ad access before saving or may have no reference .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  loading   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  wraps request types with the lowest methods .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to determine package for this script .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method returns a private key containing all keys stored on a pem rsa .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parses a double frequency .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  parses   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users password cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  get   access
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  size] the node with the specified shape .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  count   image
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   current
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the first ip address of a second .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to enable the specified method on an object .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  check that a power of 0 is valid .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  determine   matrix
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  return lock since some corner has in lock .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  decrypt   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  returns promo with selected weights for selected weighted .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  search   a
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  compute the ellipse angle for the given degrees .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the yaml data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  to   formats
truth:  execute   null

test:  parses the positive list for positive int .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a matching ending with integers and kwargs that are not a series of integers .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  transforms a piece of object into a list of the items in dict .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  recursively resolve server and all flac .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  server   null
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculates the batch of the iterable as returned by the desired iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  yield   batches

test:  return taxes amount of given iterable amount .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  hash   logarithmic
truth:  added   stack

test:  update the named file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  update   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can test keywords with microsoft .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  check   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test the setting of the users crows .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates string in markdown index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   parse
truth:  updates   course

test:  return a function for an ordinary hermitian or real symmetric helper .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the code tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  build   build

test:  convert a task to legacy actions for the task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  sets the named service .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  tests the very-likely-unique value of an http type .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get simplified loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  convert   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  the partial asynchronous list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function takes the user object as fetch relevant user object from database .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string argument to a long integer .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a list of the connected components in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a generator of sets from n rheader .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of a string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  flip   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   test

test:  return unique types of an array or numpy array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  creates an callback for all upload volumes .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return dict mapping metrics to node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   return

test:  alias to parameterize configuration variables from opengl .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  kwargs}return the given function using the raw arguments and kwargs cli example: .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  pops   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere raises raw channels .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  get the total firetv for a given volume .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return a new theano shared variable together for indexing indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  builds   normalize
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reset metadata .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  reset   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  tests the instances of instances without the given random subset using the same instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  tests   sets
truth:  split   split

test:  test that pootle_path loads a store_fs using store= rather than pootle_path .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml element if xml element exist .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate service via a common datastore .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  log   null
truth:  list   list

test:  computes a list of validated copy of the source code from the vm .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  create   strips
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a cpu digits in a string .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: callback check if there is any builds builds .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an ancestor endpoint from the desired endpoint id .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get current request as a matrix .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  password   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns plugin classes that should be installed via the master .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test underscores .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all associated reservations .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  given a list of polynomials .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  given   s
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check clusterer age .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of the second kind of the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  raft in session .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  form   return
truth:  reset   reset

test:  given a background array of given channels .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  given   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  register an setup/teardown axes class for the default axes .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   python

test:  reload a dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  add relevant state to an interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  configure   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace the convex scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   x
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise hyperbolic reciprocal function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   activation
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  a view that renders the certificate input .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  view   settings
truth:  picks   picks

test:  generate one tuple of leading name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  make a python string to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the randomsymbols and random expression this function f: a random expression containing that you want to compute the alert plus the expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of event events .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   a

test:  create a apply topic and returns a llvm topic details .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  validate the file system on partition start with start and end .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  rescue   up
truth:  resizes   null

test:  moment a log file by any log moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  multivariate confidence bound .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   fastica
truth:  null   fastica

test:  recursively filter a module name to pairs for the module .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  try   try

test:  the eeg activate to an alternate reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  return a pipeline from the given pipeline so that it can be exported .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of all the output of all the given package and completed data .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  given a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  combines   a

test:  return a list of installed ntp sensor sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   downloads
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of a repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a url to the hdfs url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  query the metric copy of the projects .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   null
truth:  to   query

test:  return the current user over the request .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  remove columns from the given injectorfactory constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  resolves the bars bars .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  put   return
truth:  support   support

test:  iterate over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test hosts and its dependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   up
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the number of followers of the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print output of a message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  print   color
truth:  prints   a

test:  instructs chocolatey to remove a list of data from the given directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  drops   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  used internally to set exceptions for service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  test   a
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the class absolute path .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  verify the verify if a config is a scalar-like type .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates the given version number from sys .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  email   null
truth:  return   python

test:  find the targets in the account .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the *x* variable state .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   current
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns the list of image translation .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test hard volume .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  label   get
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a new conda function using statement .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   datetime
truth:  like   like

test:  parses the gpu gpu devices into a list of fields .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  format a schema specification for a schema or makes sure that schema is not available .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  format   decodes
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the float angle between a given rotation and its dependents .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a unicode digest to a string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  check an object .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if a string is binary .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the function in an type .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   runs
truth:  compile   a

test:  get a name of a _iteratorbuffer .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find attributes currently prefixed page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  find   routine
truth:  null   null

test:  convert rss to an instance .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  receiver for a user in .
truth: update request . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the translation shell option under config .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to attach any action to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   helper
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  simple view to insert from around invalid instance id .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a consumer containing the --max_server_instances and perform openid authentication .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a string that thats contained within each input .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  browser the url of the "where .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  count   null
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write selected version to the metadata version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  change   a
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  return a condition needed for miniedit .
truth: returns np . 
test:  return   real
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  issue docblock .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  make   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get batch for mixed .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute realizations descent covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  transforms the given livestreamer copy of the given future module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  adapt   new
truth:  build   a

test:  ensure ast cant compile invalid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generator for all the variables in a true .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  undo   return
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  creates and returns a .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the given device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the username and end host location .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  change   facet
truth:  perform   null

test:  find sections in nonelog if there are no messages .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  find   function
truth:  locate   null

test:  return true if xmpp is attribute .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  format   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that the google cloud storage file exists .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  grain for cygwin .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get the faces from a triangle mesh .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a }/shims command with pyenv or just return the result for a specific container cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   service
truth:  execute   a

test:  calculates the mean of the mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine two characters and convert it into single string .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes a 304 .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  helper method to openflow an exception on the server .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the population variance of a given data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yields a line of text file and write it into a generator for each line of each line of a line of each line .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  parse   data

test:  test that the event created with a observer environment and that the observer with a restart restart .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run the post decorator .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  clone a process .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  return   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a function that calls some arguments on python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  performs vdobject virtual machine and returns a reraises dir .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  to   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the full path as a dummy image path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  return   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to the temporary ip allow list .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the best :class:xblock resolver .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if weeks is currently interpreted .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to get the version from the module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  to   setting
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a matrix to the runtime-specific matrix for a list of values .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  convert   bytes
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a token .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  attribute   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to parse rules into separate rule .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  rules   return
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a list of service permissions to a string .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device by :arg why the current thread number .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  apply vhds to the end of a flags .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure the specified message was logged in the qutebrowser .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  running   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  get a single application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   one

test:  log the new password password .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  running   render
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check that the key ref is valid .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  generate one of keywords for all accumulator[pantsmark] pages .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   links

test:  get a branch for the given class .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   branch
truth:  get   branch

test:  check the id for the lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  check   a
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a absolute path with absolute path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the search usage of the specified search .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a default model instance for the given model .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  return   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  start the specified port to be checked for another .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  provides   anything
truth:  function   function

test:  return a search of the exception and their open file .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  extract the zen for translation and directory .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  loads   unit

test:  return the config directory path .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the number of version[ version[ based on the access display .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  calculate   client
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  take a list of dicts and merge the elements of the given pdb a dictionary .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  process   function
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test histogram data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test using no conversion works at no conversion .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the the passed policy is a longest header .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the mqtt platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  provides some alert sessions for the object has the same name to renders the current user .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  provides   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the y gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that str used to mean a valid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  check   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates context factory .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the desired syslog distribution .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  reads   a

test:  exit the event .
truth: force exit . 
test:  exit   signal
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   role
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install all the added plugins that a site will collect all the given site .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  process the maximum of a process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  process   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the custom hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops in a given direction .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the local revision of the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a param .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  validate that the actions are valid .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  validate   length
truth:  perform   null

test:  turn string in n format to ascii characters .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  object   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  get the character after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a qurl qurl .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get current flat datetime .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  get   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  replace a mask with a compiled mask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  edit the component of the page .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  update   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a platform name for the given string or a string .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   str
truth:  get   a

test:  iterate through all python paths for parameter .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  catch   get
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  get the requests master and return the path of the same color as a single theme string .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start context in a container name or id context cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  context   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the path to the mysql include .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  expected   return

test:  removes all urls that are referenced in the file .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple should return a task with ok=false .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  calculate the entropy from each correlation matrix .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  calculate   location
truth:  return   return

test:  build and return the options .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   build
truth:  get   get

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of a collection of a list of compiles this creates a dynamic index rule objects .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  detaches the url for the week .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  accepts   stop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a stream of check to a stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  prepares   a

test:  sets the index of the first item in the stack .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  rebuild   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the given child nodes in the given target which has the given target .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a test is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configure the old vtk of the vtk python object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  outputs new fields to an in-memory pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  null   workflow

test:  the call descriptor around an operation .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  splits a string to a single filename .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the bundle inheritance .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if a status is 499 .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   dummy
truth:  if   check

test:  unquotes the sync control request .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  releases   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: return true iff access_objs given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  allow   objattr
truth:  if   check

test:  extract javascript files contained within javascript directory .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  extract   js
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove all the affects directories .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load a module .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   starting
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the path to the directory that doesnt already exist .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  disallow - use prioritized generates - in bad .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  initialize the debug server .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  initialize   change
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if the image can be invalid .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   a

test:  a string of str .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches a folder to clicked for the user log files .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign icon icon to flask .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   a

test:  apply all catch of a rule in the condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compose multiple keys in the original key keys .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if a user is doesnt exist .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create two drawdowns implemented by replacing some range data from a list of drawdowns statistics .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the default header for the given request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of resource fields .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  same as a string s to an int .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert all the source files into the given node .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  color   null
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  given a votable file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  given   power
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the image of a given image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  cleans im to im of im .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  cleans   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return the cloud provider data to show interface .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   sel_list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace users with a syntactically virtual environment .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list all the items in the given package .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  remove members from the group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  replaces   members

test:  given a numpy array of scalars derivative .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  given   list
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a string to a boolean string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  list all available package name .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator for creating the is_numeric_batch() of a class that dont have the same name as the steps in the evaluation of the expression .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this session to ensure the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  convert a list of instances into a string of iterables .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag that will be in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  displays orphan .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the string of a configuration .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a string of the human readable unit unit of the github api .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install the addon requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  retrieve a fragment and return a string containing all certificate data files for a given filename .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the url that is not created from a url contained in python .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  evaluate the string code generated by stringify_expr .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   reconstruction
truth:  generates   a

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  base   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  change the alarm system time to alarm in use .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  split and truncate a datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  benchmark bivariate estimator for {{cookiecutter .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  get a value from a file: salt value .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a list of tuples and response .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  determines   page
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  returns the right hook for each request .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  results   calculate
truth:  using   null

test:  finalized for json mapping from json or mappers .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  search   a
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date from a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   value
truth:  function   function

test:  returns url to mask that can be installed .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  detects   return
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the path to the django async executable .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  + --help in the namespace and version of the min or random locale .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   reload

test:  alreadyrunningerror to have grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  to   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  connect to a stim stim stim .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  to   server
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the entire phrase containing a list of phrase words .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replicates : int .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  converts a python string to an refactored representation .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the offset in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 location to s3 .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  entries   query
truth:  download   download

test:  get the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   time
truth:  return   unix

test:  add the current logger to the corresponding logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  add   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a resource by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  the function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  step   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  move the dictionary requirements .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  get   get

test:  checks for the given version spec .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the number of non-printable .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  change   signal
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add alarm to the alarm step .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet upgrade version string .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  create a single file into copy of a specified file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  combine a sample types and returns a list of values .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  incoming   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  expand an http type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  string   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test java_jar .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  creates new site-packages directories for all config files .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns the default exe' setting for the current systems .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources during python 3 .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get fully qualified proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on apt-based systems with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto_dynamodb is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a number to 092 form .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with an integers distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  call every snapshot and a snapshot of time snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  call   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validate a single google instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  produces a sample size of the current machine .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  produces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  reauthenticates   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute the volume size in a predicted volume .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode a base64-encoded string according to the base64 encoding .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  calculates the correlation matrix based on ols .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  calculates   scaling
truth:  project   a

test:  delete all given tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a list of all updates that are on the system .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  conditional : equality_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster to a cluster .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   samples
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns default weight initializer for weights or bias of standard theme module .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  execute logging on the row .
truth: given an index . 
test:  execute   get
truth:  given   null

test:  show a information queryset .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the bermudez .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   order
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the model at the center .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists on the container .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  check that the specified gemset is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get one resource provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a product to see if the product is valid .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an interface class for use in limit_dict .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  null   class

test:  build all environment variables from the python interpreter may contain all .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  build   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  make true if the given user is in this context .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a diagonal .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  considering if x is true if we have not clip .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  if   check
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a string size data size in bytes to size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  connect view that returns none .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  serve   null

test:  get file information .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  file   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list the available objects within the provided referents .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the parent cache directory exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  combine a list of the data hash .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  main entry point for the given script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a python version number to open a notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the lazy metadata for the domain .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   method
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a shell command in a given python directory and raise an exception if there are any given subshell under all valid python ports .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  call   call

test:  creates a user from the given permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a dict with all reserved variables plus the current order of properties .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  a exit error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  warning   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the object is a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  test that an arbitrary source of all items in a default graph .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function to calculate a value of one mean .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  serializes   css
truth:  define   a

test:  log message from parent header .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  decodes   log
truth:  log   events

test:  open a file based on .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   null
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of class names from all new-style modules .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a list of multiple collections into a group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  turns   database
truth:  null   elements

test:  compile a template string for pcs .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   parse
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the user input data from the given python version .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  set up an image of the structuring image by index .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  set   a
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the [marginals of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retrieve a google yahoo service .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait for a javascript file to be loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   command
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   run
truth:  requires   requires

test:  insert some cluster items on an node[node]['labels'][ node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  advance   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  get the information about the specified server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a flat list of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   example

test:  option that can be a string and tracks .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  perform   converts
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the path to the loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   a

test:  reads an absolute path from the file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  reads   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  read a python file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  internal helper function .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a dataset project in this given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a given template by its complete results .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write the contents of a pack file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  pack   pack

test:  returns the version string for a version of twisted .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  configure   output
truth:  return   tshark

test:  check that the autoroutes of an incomplete function .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception for the snapshot but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items directory args: filename: : the path to the root directory of the image .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate the filter for associated with the data .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  exists   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return the 1-d array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  reverse   function
truth:  takes   elements

test:  list all extension .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of inventory class and a list of hmacing class centralized .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes a role for a group from a group or domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  kill compatible oauthtoken from a message .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  extract   like
truth:  build   up

test:  return a list of installed images verbose : boolean toggle uuid of the image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   info
truth:  import   import

test:  perform a document and retrieve the document for a nipype .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the variable variables exist in the make .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   check
truth:  test   test

test:  create an event script for templates with distance from templates .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with respect to a power and already .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  parse a single options set by the commands .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  adds   a

test:  get command duration page .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  get   waits
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return a dummy transform with each images .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  forces an http redirect .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  is   list
truth:  return   return

test:  temporarily check that the test to finish .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   check
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  fake deeper of an image .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode value to mode or unpacks instance .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a dictionary from a list of dicts .
truth: like repr . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  get key based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  get   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  perform a query aliased aliased .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  redirect an active warning .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  prefix   session
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return raw options .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  -   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the command line code like idle .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  docstrings the given revision and start the minimum revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  svn   lock
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start vm to be targeted key : string vm to be targeted uuid : string vm to be targeted -- default: uuid .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw images from a remote instance .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  used   up
truth:  grab   null

test:  generic document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a dictionary keyed by a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  true if dbref is a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  forms   forms

test:  convert function .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of all nodes that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of dictionaries .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the absolute value .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  compute   strings
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  apply an object to each method at a given request .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  dispatch   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns the text name back to an object .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   way

test:  return a do the output of an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  return   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters in the request .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node has [permissions access the space .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  print a skeinforge string in a text file .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  allocate an operation factory .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the volume size in a predicted volume .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   power
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a positive integer for the supplied string .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  input   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an node and return its associated node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the dict mapping for the given lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  if   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  utility method to definite needle .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return specifying and prime number from an integer .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  rebuild   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  returns json representation of the json coerce call .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a given url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  writes a machinectl lock for the given file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  return the downloader .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  returns true if and only if the specified version is a check .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  calculates a gaussian image for an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  create a new instance of whitespace .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  attributes   return
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a convergence rich loop with the specified status .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a service url for localhost on the given service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the name of a pathname .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  return the default slash image url for a github github using the default asset .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  the new .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  check upgrade upgrade user .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  send   task
truth:  if   check

test:  get complex complex vector .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  instantiate a suitable class instance .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test suspend home directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cuda python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  return   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a directory from the system name the name of the postgresql resource is installed .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cfp this plugin sets the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <sonarqube+plugin> .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string format to an integer based on fs day .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns an nxm_entry session ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return utf-8 object for a serializer api .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  in a file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  null   test
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name for the specified migrate a specified migrate is the icrs destination path .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  open file .
truth: cache management . 
test:  called   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the programs path .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries into another list .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   checking
truth:  merge   struct

test:  get the list of images from iterable .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an iterator over the pairs of the users ia digits .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  unjoin   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that the time diffs even if data behaves from time or numpy array of time series .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   test
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper for the existence of an xml tag and determine if it exists .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   repr
truth:  determines   logic

test:  always returns a delimited function that can be ignored .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  is   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  find files in a multiline transaction .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   reading
truth:  looks   null

test:  gets the file in which the directory is specified .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the operations to begin details .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  plots a plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  plots   wrapper
truth:  shows   shows

test:  test uploading .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  set the user after a plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  set   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  test __getitem__ .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  write   io
truth:  io   io

test:  test that pootle_path will be created with --loglines=0 store .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  if   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  updates the global ui .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  updates   set
truth:  function   function

test:  read the data from yaml file and return its contents .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  extracts an object to a file .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  if a mask to a given format .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  if   graph
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning @roles in a tuple .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  split   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of strings .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   crc
truth:  computes   a

test:  output the output of a newline .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  output   split
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is true and type .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with user == true .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return partition information about raid encountered cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an existing protects with an existing value which is not installed by mixin .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   a
truth:  header   header

test:  takes a string and returns true .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  boolean   function
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns true if size is sizefilter .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  files   files

test:  this method returns only appropriate event policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  null   add
truth:  let   null

test:  yield a free value using a generator .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the first item in expr is a rational function .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  set the value of all relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   a

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove module references from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   mark
truth:  given   task

test:  same as xml .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  null   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pickle server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks a file is executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the named sources and place them into the tree_base .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  validate the path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  strip   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates the list of paths available on a system .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  show all kwvalue data .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  show   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   group
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with all the keys in dictionaries a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add the split into two list of candidates and tag sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  add   a
truth:  object   object

test:  get axes to 'left if axes is shared .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  trim   average
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a file or destination path from the destination database .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   attempt
truth:  copy   copy

test:  volunteer cluster types controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  returns the class name of the hypervisor .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  replaces the specified host with another password .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  password   password

test:  create an xml element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  builds a test suite from the entire test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a list of enabled objects are not enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  main entry point for all c pairs .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote a string to a floating point output .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  print   print

test:  return the default prefix for the current thread .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  default   null
truth:  register   a

test:  tests that generate_pipeline_code() gets set of absolute file dependencies where gallery is out of custom -o .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the given user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the number of default date or any given date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  return the currently supported 'initialized' .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  is this a final language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  is   surface
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network records for the bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is tied to a server cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute a regression estimator .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  declare   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the state of the command line into the minion .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test the default ip rendering .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a valid encoding name .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  converts   formatted
truth:  lookup   up

test:  simple runner - (in none .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  filter   cycle
truth:  return   return

test:  return the enabled theming .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator for adding a test suite to the console .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : print .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   definition

test:  return a dict of output information for the attribute .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   handler
truth:  output   parameter

test:  generate sure that pyopenssls returns true .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  test recorded for .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  help   qt
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return workbook representation of an existing workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the indefinite coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an fields to a network .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group of a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  this is a separate unicode string all outstanding nodes in the target and its 5 to the target number .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   element
truth:  is   null

test:  remove all configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a collection summary domain object as the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified user rather than specific order on an order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  given a list of complex slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  return the profile .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the vertices for each line .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  function   a
truth:  place   place

test:  ensure that a database exists in influxdb user the password of the user host to connect as password of the user user the password of the user user user host
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set a header value for the given entity .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  remove   remove

test:  testing the verbosity feature .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  perform   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a protobuf summary to the simple summary .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  creates a function inside an bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  a bag bag to help on opened options .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  report   one
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute degreereturn kernel in sparse kernel x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete or update server from a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn the correct program in openshift-img-streams .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  return module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  module   depth
truth:  read   a

test:  return link .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   ancestor
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   types
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a list of tuples in the given page .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of keys and build the selected server cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the provider for a specific vm .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  document   dict
truth:  extract   null

test:  function used for fast classes on fast tests .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  updates a document for each fastq header .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return an array of seed class sectionplugin .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  print out the data from the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  print   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  create a inverse int .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the login page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip the data if they go a normal data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  skip   add
truth:  return   return

test:  test case we can use the current user .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  test   a
truth:  has   django

test:  elementwise clip function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   characters
truth:  null   range

test:  returns the size of the file if there are no imp or coming from a given filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  read   read

test:  return source data from disk .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that a given string is about the specified axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  arrays   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   get
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return flatnonzero .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a age of length f .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   a

test:  run tk as a script .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  command   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack lists to a list of .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  stack   stack
truth:  pack   variables

test:  mock steps is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  mail   count
truth:  uses   uses

test:  build a custom custom doctypes from the config .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  build   a
truth:  module   module

test:  compute the pairs of a directed graph g .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   generator
truth:  compute   node

test:  replace special characters in text to make it usable as an identifier .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dictionary mapping of the current operating system .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  return   show
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the name of the css group dependencies that the css dependencies cannot be valid .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  eliminating an iterator by eliminating .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  follow   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  returns true if output has any output .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log an option with a logical option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  check if a given path is a bad link to load .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   like
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the rights with the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a tuple representing the result of a given row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a tile row .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   method

test:  unicode unicode tags from wikisyntax .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  function   attempts
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a single file .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  given   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  return should not an invalid executable if given a mock executable .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  exit   exit

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a scp sequence with its initial weights .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a sequence of lazy elements .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot a single line numbers .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  flush files for processing data center .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  logs   returns
truth:  write   a

test:  add a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not exist .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  add   new
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  return a file from root to read .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to special rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  normalizes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses the rest api to fetch the metadata .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  orders delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  retrieves the list of ngram partial ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters to which the esxi service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single user view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   page
truth:  view   view

test:  serve the permission .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  loads parameters for operate parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  loads   utility
truth:  sort   sort

test:  tests a certain value of desired addresses .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  link   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list all available http user cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes an options endpoint .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge external keys .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  content   dictionary
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get the number of module or pwd modules to use .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the expression modulo none .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  the system is running .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  null   null
truth:  override   override

test:  return the config object from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a node on a root node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  looks to see if salt is present on the system .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  like   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the device pointer of a given sequence .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a posix epoch to the number of seconds since the number of seconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log message on the level .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  run the api hook .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  disjoint spatial size .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  make sure the arg_of_sigmoid is probably a joinable of the given file .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  make   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the url for the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  get   create
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the versions of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that an certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  create classified text .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  filters files from files .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  files   paths
truth:  files   files

test:  add properties for /path .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  add   null
truth:  make   null

test:  randomly choose an randomly generated from a randomly generated .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  choose   function
truth:  draws   null

test:  get a configured oldest logs out of the specified logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  access   matching
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a list of tuples from a given python source to their corresponding to the namespace .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  process   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test the authentication url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  get the current event options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   get

test:  check the gw netmask and returns the subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json compatible file as a groups .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  to   json
truth:  read   json

test:  url to ensure that hugs data}assert transform works as expected .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get the volume tags for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  get   score
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get site record in sqlalchemy topic returns the first value .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  add   a

test:  generate bem mri mri using a eeg mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  return   function
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that mutable .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of fragments .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  given   html
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe gdp : gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return of conda configuration files .
truth: return env . 
test:  provides   prefix
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete an executable file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a sequence of elements in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  instantiates a users profile based on passed username and remove all the users profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the user role access the account .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns default memory pairs .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   default
truth:  return   a

test:  return the streams used to create an event encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  to   encoding
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if there are any unnecessary that are tagname for the channel .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  to   changes
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the individual function to be used with scenario 2 and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter controller - all outbound twitter messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  translate django .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  compute head objective function .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  this method will return if current request is currently used to perform a certain app .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  null   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   strategy

test:  completes the completions a long folder .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  is   move
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke an existing privileges to a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project form form form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   version

test:  transform a protocol subclass into default fields .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  be   helper
truth:  make   a

test:  opens a db 'rw' and renders it .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  opens   imports
truth:  null   a

test:  return a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  return a undo .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recursive wrapper for openshift-deploy-canceller .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   arctangent
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file stored in the vdi stored in this format:: cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the application .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  produce a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a method that will be used as a future object .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  same as build_alert_hooks .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a string with integer .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  wrap   one
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs 567812345678 uuid or expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the currently set available updates .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  the tool installation will generate the dell tool require an tool to importerror tool file .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  build   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform resource path to an internationalized resource identifier .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test covassert ledoit-wolf matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   specification
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status of the webapp url cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   node
truth:  to   null

test:  if its a list of resource breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create filename for working .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   new
truth:  to   try

test:  delete wtforms for the garbled .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  to   job

test:  handles a cookie to the comment form view .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  return the vertices for nodes in 32 order to load data for each element in an empty sequence .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  null   places

test:  if its the data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for the expected helper .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns only the filters based on the third .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topics associated with courseware and courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to find a function in accessing .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a string representing an boolean component .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract tags from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  sanitize string with all spaces replaced by newline .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  requests reset of students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   delete
truth:  to   request

test:  casts a blaze expression with a given expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the patch flow for an oauth2credentials instance .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  determine   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a directory using a same package .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a new cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  the version of msvc for versions of python version .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with iris .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classification

test:  returns a dict where each key is a tuple of dicts a list of dicts .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  turn   list
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  retrieves the password hash for the given password cli example: .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of unique sls lists for a given sls .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return the list of isnt in the following region .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filters the output of each task has no conversion .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  read rows from a list of linux .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  read   translation
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download the best setuptools to a directory .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove an http server .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of the vms strategy to use in the order that are not the given number of g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string representation of the system .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance of stock .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test template_complex support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  reboot a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  determine if the compositing compositing compositing is enabled .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   window

test:  extract the traceback based on the python files .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  selected   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return all python modules below a directory that are in deepcopy .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  yield   path

test:  get all elasticache peering connection details .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file is a tuple of tuples .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that the tail of a color .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  strip   decodes
truth:  colorized   test

test:  copy data to a single filename .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  uses   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert a unicode string to text .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return a model with the columns stored in a model .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  return   entities
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all the subsequent folders with the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return a list of gradient n x .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  return   a
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data from the adblock class .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   data

test:  return a dict of all accesses paths that can be found within a given bucket .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian number to a matplotlib tensor using a very list .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  concatenate many bags together .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  concatenate   instance
truth:  null   bag

test:  format datetime per time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  format   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test querying cache when deactivated in activated mode .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  retrieves the metadata for the specified deployment instance .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  vreturn inverse of a running matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  rank   implementation
truth:  gives   null

test:  provides folders with respect to "code tests .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  provides   test
truth:  need   need

test:  resets all files for each feature .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the list of all the registered themes .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send out ancillary socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  send   role
truth:  receive   a

test:  this function performs a datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get progress for a task .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  set the svn .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  set   null
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to skip tests hitting for caching to skip tests hitting false .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return napalm version as a jb based on python machine .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the url is a explicit url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  set the value of a syslog-ng changes .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a string utc of a timestamp .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  establish array scores to new sparse matrix .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  array   labels
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will load and return its sample status in the cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  get the negative evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  work   load
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the path .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  transform   remove
truth:  fix   fix

test:  check that guid is compatible with the given model .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   task
truth:  check   guid

test:  if an external request should be greater than the backends .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  if   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to get the url typed into its parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  serialize   url
truth:  null   version

test:  filter urls by urls .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  tests the save post method .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  a wrapper around state that creates a bridge interface .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the repository metadata for a repository on the received repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  inspect   return
truth:  check   check

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed on a previous patch .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a babc extended parameters from customer .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   split

test:  checks the systems platform is installed .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  pkg/typename -> pkg calls the package name of a package .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   check
truth:  package   package

test:  sets the django dispatcher for the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  function   network
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit a name to a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match them as them .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given an expression .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for models which have multiple site site multiple model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  null   class
truth:  null   models

test:  channel reallocation command section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   section
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a list of mime reduction paths using the specified class .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an http exists for an esxi host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  get   use
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively convert the given commits to an xml element .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return the dissims tree and depends on an image tree .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  if the fake syntax syntax is passed .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  searching   use
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  takes an absolute tag and verifies the options string .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  takes   actions
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield successive successive chunks from a sequence .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  yield   t
truth:  null   generator

test:  returns a list of all the files that can be used as an instance of a single space .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  returns   validates
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  visit all iterator between all loaded and exclude nodes .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  -   up
truth:  yield   null

test:  provides a path from the root api .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  query   consul

test:  generate an randomseed step step for the same number of global values .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generate   strings
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the repr() rendering of the supplied arg .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view function to check for powershell command .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  compute gradient w from a file .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set the primitive_element() address of the idle activation .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the sequence of sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the option string by an item in the balancer string .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  compute the generalized transform of two matrices by using the same models .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  disables   compute
truth:  create   a

test:  return a configuration based on the config option .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  run   prefix
truth:  build   docs

test:  loads the data .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  null   point
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a value from a pagerduty service .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   boolean
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  log and return list of components .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  compare   list
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  delete the given database .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  delete   settings
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  simulate correlation matrix for normality parameters ar : array_like coefficients using arma coefficients are not respect to be added .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  run   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   name

test:  get information about the repository entry in the repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  null   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all types or general types that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  default retrlines for show to be used for a number of default protection .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  default   create
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine by id or instance .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  open a message in which the info home directory are built .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  testing the current user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  edit   settings
truth:  records   records

test:  calls the comments from comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  take   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute chi-squared kernel between each pair of x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   cosine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the type for a cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fork -> around our pid .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  null   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a package with egg .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of a feed string .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  checks if the recipients version of the engine exists .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  format a string like obj: but for obj .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  format   url
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  dump details of a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  look   details
truth:  check   check

test:  appropriately lowess for computing facet hashing installed .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add new ips .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the disk logs to use for an output logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a byte string .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  coordinates   return
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  flatten the nested role .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set a computer on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  gather   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return column of a given array assumes that a and b are same as the other attribute of its shape .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a slice containing key-value spaced index .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  call the multipart fields to a multipart .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  unmount   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that represents a timestamp part of a previously uniquifier .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the list of upageviews devices for a given entry .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version ports with the given version to a version .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to catch all http requests to the request .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  turns   manager
truth:  change   change

test:  reboot a defined container .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  reboot   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get input type to the 1 .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   a
truth:  input   input

test:  send a l{deferred} of server prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  server   null
truth:  make   null

test:  group a :class:lazy .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  define   run
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register the desktop if alias is supported .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  register   a

test:  return an iterable of the domain for each domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  return   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  add some value to an instance setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the platform sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly extract steps from an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the data for this module to be expressed in the class .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   function
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert ne ori status information to fixed ori format .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  convert   module
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   order
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the authentication url of the api endpoint .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   return
truth:  try   try

test:  return data from a file-like object .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  checks if this function is called via the numpy integer .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  read and return parsed session object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if x is a sequence containing a list of elements in structured scalars .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  boolean   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  just like a png file .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  if the current line is authorized to the corresponding column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  clears   counts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a new new username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef type .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  null   debugging
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test to make sure the reader ignores parallel and newlines at all values .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  make   dict
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the values of an translated object f to the new values .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  clip   signal
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can be hashed .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a standard files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  null   git
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate the randomise to compute desired optimizer .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterate   load
truth:  wrap   response

test:  check if enrollment is expired to determine if the course with this user is expired .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  if   course
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through tm tests and return an instance of the test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  compute   loop
truth:  is   null

test:  are we being a sequence of things .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for backwards compatibility .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   locale

test:  makes sure that a model is created .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  protected   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  apply freshdesk .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  apply   get
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  deletes orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  orphaned   nothing
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  pick only auxiliary information .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  pick   x
truth:  default   stim

test:  generate a new master mine based on the config option .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  does   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  convert a url to a url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure that the ast is applied to a read user .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  make   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  default get_id .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  assume   null
truth:  put   put

test:  check a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  convert a one-hot after :py:func:~swift space .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the secure configuration file specified in a dict .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   http
truth:  update   update

test:  show the connection with an instance and instance .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  if   test

test:  read lines in a byte string .
truth: from url . 
test:  read   read
truth:  url   url

test:  build a user with ids of all collections that the given creator who have subscribed to .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  insertionsort array after a and determined if knowledge are equal .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a tag in the service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the largest centrality for threshold comparisons .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a default cloud storage .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  convert   geocoding
truth:  time   time

test:  start two images .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  cached   run
truth:  -   -

test:  remove an xml document from the gear .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an error .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package for a package if such that package exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a string is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test verifying user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  require   merging
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  set   up
truth:  null   null

test:  installs one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  updates   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the pids of the enumerated member .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  use an object to register all un-handled python backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  backend   a
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure entry is properly returned correctly .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that the multipart header is intended .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  assign the given autoscaler .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a user can download the group and determine if a user exists .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  this convert all possible corner to the given pattern .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list to string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  process   a

test:  split an item to fake .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  split   parsing
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  given   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return the json representation of an installed image .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get privs' info cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the maximum of a pair of vector3s .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test intervals can router router using router .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  null   network
truth:  control   control

test:  returns a string to be used as a single space .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  return   selection
truth:  format   a

test:  calculate the linkage matrix for a cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  extract   regression
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the current line number .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   django
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to require a function with user data .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply all the channel of a particular node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  close   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true iff a and b are equal to nan .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of the users home assistant server .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   whitespace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a path has a given path .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new able section 9 .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  bookmark bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add access to group type for project_id .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  access   group
truth:  access   access

test:  get path to directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the url will verify we will verify the config .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of an array along given axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a callback to make sure that the parameter arent in nested .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid type .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  the singular/eigen function to get the generalized generalized the given list of samples of the given list of samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a config by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the path from the provided file .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   slashes
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  group edit edit edit report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  if   view
truth:  to   view

test:  return the value of the named vm .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cloudwatch security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  extract the selected index from the close .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  return   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a state .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  z3 of the points of the console .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  return a usable cluster instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  wrapper to ensure that the object is an instance of old-style class and should be used to use to ensure our object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  apply a fixed-width surface to another location .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  a decorator for represent a list of strings .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for cache .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  generate   length
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check for __new__ marks a bug on the case .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  the ip address of a particular row .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a dictionary of default values to dotted objects .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  used   null

test:  size the users headers to the managed host string .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  change   try
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute the estimate of nan .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status of an postgresql user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a *very* wav file and return as a byte string .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  read   read

test:  helper for attendance matrix in group .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cleanup file in folder across accuracy .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  disable   information
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the bytes of the given date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  set   set

test:  check a new session .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  render the support open components .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  render   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime in milliseconds since datetime declaration .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  get the valid context object for the given region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   value

test:  this method checks if a line is currently installed and if it is a distributed process .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that renders a response .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create an instance of the given gps .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager for the projects directory .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  a script that passes the init api .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  context   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  given a class .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  given   elements
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the log decomposition of a complex function .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  returns dispay_name courses for given location .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  separate and show a path .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  file   file

test:  this function creates a new empty variable with a new value .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cutting source node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure an rds grafana target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the filename of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the container id to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  creates a new instance frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a nagios-appropriate .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add color to make a log blade .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  color   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  export tuples - check for all tests - fs_spec .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  list user change when he is created args: username: a node returns: list of sailthru ways = updating request .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  list   routine
truth:  enable   enable

test:  gets changed command .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  indices   install
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the given port for a specific port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  shows   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates an image from the number of draft for this gdal .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  jedi the name of the issues and the object to have .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  register   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract config values from the role .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write the string writing to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   function
truth:  function   function

test:  issue information on json or none .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  apply a function repeatedly until the sequence is true .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   run
truth:  chained   a

test:  resolve files and delete for each file in the local graph .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  like dotted .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  add a new user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  format the file system path for the given glob .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  display   return
truth:  escape   escape

test:  calculate the fitness select points on the provided start .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  gets   observatory
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the html loop .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  writes   null

test:  skip test if the test is executed .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams to end .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a tuple or default values .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the url and the referer gif .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  print a friendly message and exit its exit .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return the logarithm of a and y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  get   system
truth:  convolve   x

test:  check if data is a unique integral and y differs .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   dictionary
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  add and return all executable names in the given module .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  list   output
truth:  import   import

test:  extended unix whitespace must have a final of the two lines .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  extended   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  test installing a wheel which can be listed .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  installing   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  checks whether the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  calculates the absolute host for x .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  calculates   jacobian
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the p-th *** using an xmpp .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  convert an image name to a pil image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the difference of the two neighbors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a file to a single network .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  get and transfer the inset loops from loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that the sparse domain will be executed .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  creates database raised if dbms an dbms database was resolved .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper for translation .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   include
truth:  validates   validates

test:  get fully qualified limits of an object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   info

test:  copy the user copy of a desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  filter   name
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  makes a list of tags from a api with index tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  make   list
truth:  take   a

test:  used for the existence of dicts and return a dictionary of dicts in html forms .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  given a list of length a and a single call .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all current site .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the python encoding used encoding --user codecs .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  get   a
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  send out the event usage for a user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  send   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the numeric adjective for a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if an object is a byte string .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  if   iso
truth:  null   a

test:  get the secret secret for the specified secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a string value to use for a certain string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  escapes   api
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  embarrassingly the processs image .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  close   size
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a server type string .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  convert   handler
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid to a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  dumb for queue .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  format the user object for mac" .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  format   delete
truth:  return   a

test:  blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  list all the files contained in the database .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   method
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a worker to become given job .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  check that the bem for de are consistent .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a nmap source to the console .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  ask   show
truth:  print   a

test:  yields open logs with the given commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  jacobian of gmond normal distribution parameters arrays : array_like .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  return a filename hash for uploaded file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an iterable of < display_name .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  do   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication auth .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   exception
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check the number of seconds in the system .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  null   function
truth:  check   check

test:  performs a message and returns the status of the given message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  performs   sets
truth:  is   null

test:  strips conll entries from corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  mark   up
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d5 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  defaultdict the defaultdict of items of the given array of items within the given domain based on the given domain .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  processing   find
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator which applies django function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  func   create
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return the current database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   type

test:  sign the named image using the local reviewer and the local cache .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   function
truth:  sign   a

test:  return an open database to be attached to the database flush .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return an authed object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  search for docstring and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a surfaces function with axes .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   a

test:  open a new tree at the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  open   test
truth:  search   search

test:  returns path for the absolute path recursively .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : primary_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  local attachments .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a qurl to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default contents of the file named encoding .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new timezone for a datetime .
truth: factory function . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves the enabled api key by aws .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   like
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes html for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple view for loading l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  document   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the anything value .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns csrf token from a service .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  changes   formats
truth:  context   processor

test:  add the gid group and depends on the given group name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  build an data from data .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  reads   list
truth:  read   read

test:  returns explain until there are no cms in them .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  subscriptions string to default values for a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  string   subscription
truth:  get   subscription

test:  find available service_type addresses from available vm .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get the magic of a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  get   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  ensure that theres users .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   context
truth:  ensure   null

test:  read an encoded digest from a file .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  read   function
truth:  return   return

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  return a hash representing the data passed to the function .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  a function which accepts no arguments at all .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test start with no given cmdhistory .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  takes a unicode string .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a range of spatially .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple view for testing .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   os

test:  echo text .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new security group name .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  default   default

test:  delete media to the given users .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a default or esxi interactive window unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the variable with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a migration replication replication object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is a test .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load an available module from a list of modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or warning .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   power

test:  non-vowel a dask field in a given sequence of bounding pairs .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  split and normalize a pathname .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  split   join
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  checks if a given sns sns exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  if   topics
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy for each vector of a given vector .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  content   a
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check and return the top of the images for each image .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a type of an existing items from a proxy or a different object .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build an version string from a instruction so that the version of the failed config file are returned from the json or none .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop everything section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   enquiry
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns true if obj is module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a standard phone table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a regex .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated evaluated as string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns a dictionary having one or more iterables values .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new copy of a security button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  create   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a list of unique values on the given item .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return the argument passed to the given string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  s   return
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  decorator to %son%s' the distributed engine multiple lines starting with an :class:multigraph tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the bipartite graph of the nodes in g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  remove a question change .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  serializes   lock
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   implementation
truth:  template   template

test:  returns the data graph from the add-on .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  returns   variables
truth:  export   method

test:  loads a usable map[perm]] tasks using the current map[perm]] table principal patterns .
truth: process part . 
test:  loads   authentication
truth:  process   part

test:  converts words names into underscore python string name .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  converts   use
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  given the best median of the vectors .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the current request versions cli example: .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given failedtocreatedatabase{ is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a list of couldnotimportclassormodule%rspecifiedforinheritancediagram' if all pairs have been marked as a finalized class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  s   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test simple imports .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the text string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a nat result usage: .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert a single bucket path to a bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  create   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  run the testtools test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the ps id for the given process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with 59171828 delimiter .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   make_imbalance
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  dummy implementation validation .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  flattens a list of unique elements into the specified key .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  put   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  function used to direct set the edx template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test the open file .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all tabs from course tabs in the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a string in an html string into an html string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns user list of tuples and last page id or raises an existing page string .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   page

test:  print the output of all the nodes contained in the given cell as a comma separated cell header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  do any upgrade upgrade to upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  server   response
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize all the release in the release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  tests   convert
truth:  clone   clone

test:  jacobian of n - input_iterable .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes show version information to show version depending on the show version .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  shows a exit exit by wanna_connect or update the output file .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api put request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  generate limit for followed by qemu-img that are uppercase .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  traverse   n
truth:  to   helper

test:  password password page .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  view   view

test:  writes the current configuration file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the scipy matrix x at x .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  is   n
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash given the module parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  prints a navigation menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  shows   a

test:  convert a dns operator to a able to its factory .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the wsgi lock to be sent in bytes .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial graph data so the graph can be created before each node .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a hash is a terminal object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   status
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks for horizontal ticks near commas .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   logs
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test raw data as raw object .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return the addresses for a given python file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  given   grep

test:  custom hand for legacy entities .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  config   config

test:  see url .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  url   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax view to search media .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  search   search

test:  return program engine based on background systems .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture that returns a base uri for an injecting instance .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  return the type of locate cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the ['restorecon' storage device cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   firewall
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   zone
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a string identifying the python version of the python python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the logging verbosity to error which silences the log output .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  use   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  function for setting parameter .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  add   a

test:  when there is an invariant while adding transfers while adding transfers after .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   a

test:  returns true if this agent is a string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   css

test:  return the set of fields that the given content type is editable for suds accounts .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  checks   runs
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench branch .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns the value wrapped by the harvest string representation of the supplied character .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  get   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  find the 3d gauss-laguerre of a 3d denominator .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate auth if not set .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  return   user

test:  convert a python 3 only to native python 3 only .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  if   python

test:  return the version of seconds in an improvement list byte string .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract only snmp data out of the given data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the output of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  return 'bits version and ids used for the datastore .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   current

test:  return true if file can be created .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  if   name
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the standard content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  as offsets numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  iterate   pairs
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize the ones in an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalizes   likelihood
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in samples .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert two numbers to one or more complex numbers .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that all deterministically deterministically deterministically .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an enum enclosed in a protocol class .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks the given dictionary .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  given a template name .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  it should unknown completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require *any* to require the function named context .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a numpy object and returns a list of object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the features casting for an image .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an thepassedexpressionisnotanoperator' like representation for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single paragraph of text .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  unlock a certificate from a keychain cert_name the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  url   unlock
truth:  install   a

test:  restart all alarm events from the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  gets a command name .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypt the word after coercing construction of a random word .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  null   check
truth:  based   null

test:  save the device to the sequence .
truth: register the device . 
test:  save   null
truth:  register   register

test:  read a sha .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  read   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment in the given team .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete a container and the rrrather container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the filename of a particular module in you want to align module file .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  merge two dictionaries by inserting html lists into dict .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  replaces outer text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  color   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a sorted list of sorted variables from the given key .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  memoized   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the list of os domain objects for the discussion discussion id passed in the discussion discussion domain object .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that prevents exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant a mongodb roles to a user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  push   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  find and required module name .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  gets the positions for this resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   add
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   use
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial into a polynomial .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  null   f
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract steps from an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ask for a number of characters using the ask looks for an integer .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   width
truth:  ask   null

test:  return content of complete endpoint from source .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  files   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a mavlink partition with qimage keywords from an device system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  remove   updates
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  setting   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on or off if remote failure" settings :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the lines of a apt_sources distribution .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  updating   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  optimized   null

test:  get the names and values of a function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   code
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  start usage information about the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  start   run
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a partial exponential function for an exponential button .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a generator code that returns a list of standard bytes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  given   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica data random data .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   ica
truth:  running   running

test:  skip a test if a file doesnt skip a python program .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  get the revision font setting for the given record .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  get   change
truth:  update   version

test:  add an entry account .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  add   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering request section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   response
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  check if provided address belongs to site-local multicast address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representation of record_type to keys .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  null   input
truth:  score   score

test:  return a list of urls in cluster .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if cmd is available .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to find an operation with page name .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  to   null
truth:  click   click

test:  find the 'snapshot-list' with a given id .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieves the most recently along the given series of items along a single vector .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively remove fields from dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  like   html
truth:  iterate   null

test:  query and return true if a user has plain-text access to the course user .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the given file using authentication activation .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password password without modifying it in the config file .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  hash   a

test:  constructs everything entities from the entity buffer .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  equal_weight -> x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test glcontext gl backend for mismatched functionality .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  raises an exception if value is true .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  raises   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send and decompresses the error result .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  send   a
truth:  write   null

test:  write the oslo_config hash for all distance files in a directory .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  write   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the uncollected code of the specified password .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  predefined   run
truth:  predefined   return

test:  delete the named grafana job .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   name
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a list of tags and uses double settings as a list of datetime objects .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  given   null
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the given pool cli example: .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a given package is installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  instructs cannot be called before saving or not supported .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  disassociate a floating ip address from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the du['pos'] du['pos'] -- returns the smbios of the nodes in g .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract values out of settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  config   config
truth:  is   null

test:  return the output: cross entropy between the ratio .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the analyze plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  logistic sample .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  sample   v
truth:  computes   null

test:  all items from sequence wile preserving order .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  get all iam policy information from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generic decorator to save and print a discovery attribute .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find keys in a unit'] for a unit'] unit'] .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test interpolated 'graph' assert 'graph' option .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   elementwise
truth:  test   classes

test:  gets the region number for a given phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set an image in a correct format to apply a single image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  coordinates   call
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string without boto_kinesis .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  null   helper

test:  turn a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary into a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a bunch of instead .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  convert the input given the user to chr .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the pdf number of gpus from the file system .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user needs to log in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a new user input .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the effective values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a random column .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  inverse of a vector returns zero or array_like returns y: approximate of a vector of times .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to start a url for a bokeh .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  require a filesystem .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop the given filename .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the metadata to the xenapi host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a list of alias objects on the given string .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  decode an http response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  decode   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   file
truth:  write   null

test:  output of a date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  function   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the duration notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages contained within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the given logs on the current machine .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a string leaf .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  string   error
truth:  generate   a

test:  close parser file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  close   null
truth:  compute   md5

test:  escape text with a number of text lines .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  text   text

test:  check to see if obj is a valid default .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects image in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   lists
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of visible identifiers in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the datetime and an event .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  outline   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  restful crud comments .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of all possible traversal from a node tree in a flat traversal which are assigned to have multiple distributions .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  create a unique integer length in the leading iteration .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether percent is a valid field specification .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  the lu units for a given set of units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  save a dnssec separated string .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  analyze   change
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a zip file for a zip .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  log and log log .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  log   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the mean of mean mean .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  the bad positions into javadoc-like line numbers .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  encrypt   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing one quotes hosted quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke html during a task that fires the signals .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   handler
truth:  revoke   task

test:  get the difference between two dictionaries are always return the difference between strings .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a text .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  start   a

test:  modules home page .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  load   current

test:  checks a test has a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  test if column table wants to be imported by right but it .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  input   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse the character address into a list of words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  sets the namespace for the given elasticsearch .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  populate   populate

test:  try to read a next file using hex .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  to   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  convert variables argument to an argument .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  format a timestamp using a configuration file for parsing .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  update messages that renders a key_name template with a code {% crispy_addon form .
truth: show django . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  show   django

test:  returns the path of a new tool .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  used   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  callable for building the given object .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  language: class -> language class supports separator through separator .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   language
truth:  null   fr

test:  setup warning behavior to warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion order upto given order given a list of motion upto + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt order + d/dt +
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  creation of [0 .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  add a library that this library to the loggers loggers .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  add   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  determine whether there are any leading toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the most common labels in a gaussian .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  passed   count
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion confirmed section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  request   section
truth:  control   control

test:  returns the default handlers as a string .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check if user auth info in environment variables required .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a string of characters from a single space .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  listen from previous search result for where the search is to the current search state is to do .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the contents of the json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   json
truth:  return   return

test:  load the credit data and read data from a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler but with a different template path .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   permission
truth:  default   default

test:  this command runs a command on a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  call   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  escape a go within a text .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if pip<pyversion> commands behaves equally .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that passes a controller function if request fails .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse two or more lines of keywords parts variables .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the flavor message if it has vm .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the expression with an array of x .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  set perp regions in the approximate image .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an image or unicode to unicode .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   dispatcher
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if the file is a compilable file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is the eigenvectors version of a given suffix to be followed by a given suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  quit all .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  normalise   like
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : for lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a way to check if the value is true .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  is   attribute
truth:  null   field

test:  get bytes from buffer defined by buffer .
truth: return major . 
test:  get   signal
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image from disk image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be switched to the resource type .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  helper method to inject a file encoding into a filesystem string .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a unique name for a file-like object .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  turns an series of bytes into a list of one digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  turns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get a class that may be used to create a configuration .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  same as old script or none .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a list of soupstrings .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  add   selection
truth:  returns   a

test:  test various client_id of target types .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   get
truth:  create   a

test:  write a refs refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns a student .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   tool
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find and return the revision for the given draft as revision .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  find   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check to see if k is a scipy closure .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  executes   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper for creating a deprecated report .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  convert a list of dicts to sorted .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks if all the files are present .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  yield multiple multiple gru .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  yield   change
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  returns a list of test tests that are valid .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  recursively process json tree to clean up to the tuples .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  turn   source
truth:  nested   get

test:  convert a row of tuples into a list of tuples .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  converts   load
truth:  null   parser

test:  create a dictionary mapping function names to values in list .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  return the lock of flags .
truth: lock file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  file   file

test:  calculates a token for the given jwt .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get vlm_media coverage coverage to be used for the master .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert toc with given configs .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  convert   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the home directory to prevent home directory the user name username to modify the home directory to prevent home page time to prevent home new home examples: .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt cover .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  updates a qos to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the text or an item if it doesnt exist .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to pick two hash by using the least one .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  to   return
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  change   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list with all sorted items from the given key .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether a string is a valid default default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  to   null

test:  process the cut for a given python object .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   a

test:  compare an image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  reduces   run
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks to see if hosts can be read from a host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  checks   verifies
truth:  verify   a

test:  get the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  if properly registered .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   cgconfig
truth:  null   item

test:  call the function to been created before timeout .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  func   waits
truth:  func   func

test:  get tab .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  get   return
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  utility for parse_results() .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  null   function
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open port on which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put a task in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   put
truth:  take   null

test:  returns a secant from the most v .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes and returning it can be passed to the topic tree .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate the image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a list of breadcrumbs from a category .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get extra loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns virtual letters for data .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a python object into a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture to create a fake cookie .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  create   pivot
truth:  return   a

test:  return a tablespace to the postgres name of a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting radio channel button .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm sequence and return them .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   xml
truth:  read   lsm

test:  returns the name of the working directory .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  run streamlist override the given video .
truth: get streams . 
test:  run   pass
truth:  get   streams

test:  return the length of seq1 in degrees .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system permission .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  check if shape is a compatible type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get the tour value for the vm .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   check

test:  ask the restructured proxy for a matplotlib .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the given url is a valid language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a room to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sending   message

test:  returns a replacement for replication the specified remote thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a number of the carrier for the given phonenumber object only when it is valid .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return string representation for the vm data .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  string   return
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  parse a url into a ninja url string .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   url
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  ensure that auto-redrawing for a specific pillar_pcre function .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a path .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  given   return
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a list of keys in the database is valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter rfa: applies to pacific countries only .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  decode a given string into entity .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  gracefully boot zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  transform   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  decodes the reverse graph from the resource graph into unicode string .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  order   order

test:  setup constrained .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  returns the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return single doc get a single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   doctype
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if the given ip address is an ip address or ipv6 address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  save projections from tree space .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  show   show

test:  return true if the directive contains any of the corresponding directive for this server .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   load
truth:  null   method

test:  add a problem to a list of items in the problem type .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return the normalize html file name .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in dict .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages contained within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  find the float or theano tensor at each time .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  find   find
truth:  like   like

test:  get float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  float   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package for working .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create a new post .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check that shift distribution always fails to empty .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  if   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of messages .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in an ref dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   override
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if type is a constraint .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  if   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  return firewall used for cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  default   default

test:  for strings .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  compute   compute

test:  take an 1w3d6h sms on testing .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload and return decorator_factory .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  starts   files
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a simple dateline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  returns tuple of significant statuses for a service instance .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  points   inverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch settings .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  list   repo
truth:  objects   objects

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the file located in a python operation .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  source   source

test:  get the inside a device .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   average
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a class to be tested .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a window using a flat window top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a bmrequesttype members iterable to an int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  instantiates variable with optional rows .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  convert a human-readable string to a sequence of bytes .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  manages a ret['res'] ret['res'] mode .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  destroy   session

test:  get the named graph nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url that an image belongs to glance .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the elements like "1:22" or int_div .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform an image on a consistent image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  perform   converts
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  prefix all python related to a single .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  prefix   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a proxy method with a unregister instance .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance for an host vm .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the refetched for the user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  make an hosts handler based on the request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that the gpu conversion is equivalent .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  connect to the specified system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the roles that the particular system is available .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper method to avoid errors .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  simple view on better action .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the elements of an input as input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  checks if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and returns a new instance in the database .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change package expansion .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  expand   command
truth:  git   git

test:  test deprecated: -> task name .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  to   test

test:  define a llvm function calls the given effect .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   calls
truth:  define   a

test:  sets the values of memcache in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  get the global timeout setting to connect .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of available vm names on the given tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test if missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   a
truth:  based   null

test:  formats a string into a single space .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  context   string
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the number of open app .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote jobs from a file this function handles all twisted jobs of the remote host string or directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  unmount   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  takes a file and stores it onto the history datastore .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  log   history

test:  main method .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  control   null
truth:  using   testing

test:  this is a separate version of the users user']else + pickle .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  is   try
truth:  call   call

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets to be created via the database .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  sets   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  crop each item in the big request .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout and captured_stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current audio stream that is still passed to the current user .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  given a template that takes a page to a page {% microsite_css_overrides_file %} .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  given   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create an event instance .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test the bundle option .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  test   test
truth:  missing   a

test:  parses a module name from several dictionaries .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  make   f
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  null   run
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has access to the given course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   permission
truth:  function   function

test:  return the type of the request rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  print a named file .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  subroutine tune2fs raised .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   a

test:  lookup a string for use as a rpc function .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  look   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve quota field by image or raise .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  called   method

test:  gpu oc config .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  prompt   kb
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a search document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  append   append

test:  create a new member .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  signal the value of the specified iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  starts   chunks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the array should not contain any data size and return the message .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   system
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with no previously set to create and the <filter> function returned by ntpd .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   pillars

test:  creates and returns a factory function of filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  make sure the given command and subscribes back into the current record .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  evaluate or appserver benchmark method of a square matrix .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  makes a unique email from a service id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  function   string
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the name of the python backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  get   null
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a list of classname images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  return   target
truth:  determines   null

test:  start a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  disables   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  compare a disk address based on the form image .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a list of a given region number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses a list of management account from the management service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of integers in a string representation of the same direction as mm .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  given   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks that number is not too large to score or sort is not too large .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the default scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  force a simple constraint: .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   function
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs css algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  return the path where a cassandra directory is installed .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   try
truth:  supplied   null

test:  compute vertex permissions for a source space .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read variable from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon with the specified addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make an expression .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  grab the y0(z) request cache .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  find the list of list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run an iterable of complicated .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the optimal index of a sample index .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a new git repository into a filesystem directory .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  determine   new
truth:  create   create

test:  general cluster mapping .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  cast a theano polynomial to whether a given dtype .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  downloads messages from files in the database .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  downloads   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test reading epoched channel for saved events .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  collect   events
truth:  if   test

test:  checks that all modules to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  file   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the list of other objects currently being used .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate the microseconds field for a start and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  function   dispatch
truth:  return   return

test:  invalid arguments morphological status .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections from x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  unmount a commodity .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  utility function to create a connection with an ssh url .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the clipped path to a loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  escape one space .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  escape   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  return whether or not an subprocess is a symlink .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  unshares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  unshares   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main function to install the settings buffer to do settings .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract key from an init_declarator_list tuple of dicts .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of best groups from a list of .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  print the passed html with a string html event .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  join   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the degree of the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the triangle mesh from the gts file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the path to a resource .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   null

test:  simple find tags to use .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  return   information
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find the version of the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  humanized   a
truth:  print   a

test:  converts the tree or leaf children to a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an externalized version of the package with a total_users comment .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the schema schema header dict for a given app .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates an xsrf version of a given a supplied offset id .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  cast hadoop-style into resource identifier .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  temporarily force filters to all filters in found/visible .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the signature to find out the named connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  return   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get and transfer the circle loops from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode the given input string in the rules in bytes .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test installing of docker .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  generate a single machine .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  marks   load
truth:  provide   information

test:  shows the students page sent to a particular course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  shows   certificate
truth:  display   display

test:  computes the cumulative axes for linear representation .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  computes   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  return path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts a bytes string to bytes .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  show changed files for a specified raid cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  try to find a command on the system .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  update   update

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace for a given module in the given context .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  find the can'tget response for the outputs starting from the given id .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the exit code as a formated instance .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  execute   compile
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  find a library in a subdirectory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  find   find
truth:  scan   a

test:  converts a tag and embedded property to the datastore .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  control   method
truth:  go   null

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set path .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   add
truth:  add   a

test:  checks if a connection is currently on the current machine or none .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new :class: .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  null   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts auth .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if matrix is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  apply   p
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the inverse of x as vectors in x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  formats msg which is already rendered utf-8 encoded msg .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  change the correct file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  changes   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  add 'vote metadata server .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a blob from the given path .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the volume statistics for a resource .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed rounded rounded if needed .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   convenience
truth:  embed   album

test:  returns binary file name .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a kind .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list rules on a specific command names .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  rules   list
truth:  using   null

test:  extended visual matrix to y .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  coordinates   solve
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a + b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   division
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a native string using characters .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  convert   decodes
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the differences for a given series_id if the complete_id is also provided then the responses to an annotated question and also stores the responses for the responses .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a special filename to an integer .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a plot .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name put its properties .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build url by __round__ or .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  url   return
truth:  build   build

test:  provides the vnc vnc ports for specified port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  variant of json .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  the parent kernel .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a compiled compiled instance for the given stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  factory for creating event loop methods .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the message format from the system format .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  cleanup   test
truth:  solves   problem

test:  this function is called by the user to generate a background task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  request   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  report   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply an selinux to a list of strings .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  modify   null

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 mean .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete an user .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  disables the default global apps .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  disables   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an shape to a canonical element .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the request resource is request for a new request request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get the endpoint for the given service type from services name .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read size and return contents .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations translations using given translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  token   load
truth:  translated   append

test:  return 3 config directory if file_like is currently set .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   users

test:  cause a scenario qos type id to legacy volume type .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  is   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  concatenate the first element matched by the first element in the iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  function   iterator
truth:  execute   something

test:  probability of the chi-squared chi-squared = y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random string of a :0: flag .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the name of the tree for various types - the default - - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using an backend .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  takes a string and returns the number of no conversion .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address space .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if an ip address belongs to the ports in the expected way .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert n digit as a big-endian integer or manipulate type n .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  if   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialisation the dataset with given values and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  inverts   prediction
truth:  to   function

test:  create an empty media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the mercurial access value .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  string   get
truth:  transform   transform

test:  find the version of the current node that can be sent to get the changes .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  perform   a

test:  print elements contained in string .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   dict

test:  find axes and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  strip   figure
truth:  -   -

test:  return true if all files in file or is present .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  shortcut   email
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a date in the currently set .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  converts   entry
truth:  is   null

test:  the imported imported suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   model
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the keystone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   load
truth:  load   load

test:  simple view for mixing .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   response

test:  returns an zookeeper key type .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if g is a boundary bdy .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test mne product-details with setquota and the fixed data .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  simple function for allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given error is a list of dicts .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a string or dictionary consisting of a key in a dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  iterates   cross
truth:  like   like

test:  send a new cast to image_href functionality .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  null   object
truth:  send   a

test:  send an email to creation the desired project .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  export   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  get the system return a list of the global loop .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the name of the latest date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks the function .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  if   transaction
truth:  raise   null

test:  return true if the output is a white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  request a task to be rescored as a background task .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  request   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  select the next if holiday falls on next jinja2 .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   holiday

test:  return an strongly list from a accept .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  invalidate the discussion for the specified range .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  is   method
truth:  if   check

test:  temporarily change the old suppress hook while currentcolumn .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   callback
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are arr arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true iff appbundle is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the prlsrvctl cli example: .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  list   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  build a new clip object using the given 'features' and attributes at a given 'features' .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if object is a type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  if   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a configuration is not starting with the ipython app .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  convert   undo
truth:  construct   new

test:  write git track to rst_file_pth .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  get the default table for the given instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  xml   xml

test:  unread a query from a query .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  ssh   count
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until timeout to become timeout or off .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   start
truth:  wait   up

test:  match the schema records for the given attribute in a template context .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of flavor zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   method

test:  delete given elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  find an existing rooted response .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup bloomsky component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is modified via super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: versionnumber requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery version plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate $command_t .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  if   null

test:  performs and decode the given controller on the given controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  performs   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require node id .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   datastores
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of pip cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  '127 to cubed .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   pretty

test:  compute nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  compute source source source for a given number .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  element-wise an arbitrary array of a records on a tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  indices   convert
truth:  square   square

test:  check if a resource name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  call gce create a node via the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  call   a
truth:  create   a

test:  applies a 3x3 cartesian matrix using the call finite on for a particular function .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  close   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic directional movement index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the current mappings for the hadoop request and current request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume advance the iterator 0 .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  return a boolean for whether or not a type is the type .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check whether this expression is all items of the given expression .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking return a more blocking representation of the tag .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  blocking   non

test:  returns true if thing is a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  is   thing
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets options and article .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  gets   document
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   ellipse
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check whether a process is registered .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns a storage instance with the provided name .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  creates the os'] provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  setuptools   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  read a file as a package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a function as a formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download path from filepath if not already in program .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a string of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function for attribute *attr* of function started the class name *attr* *attr* in nopython mode .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks to see if a file in format matching a template project .
truth: test if . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  get the permission refresh of an user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for setting a new instance of the main class will be implemented for access functionality .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   square
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the config file .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  utility function except for create-certificate-from-csr instance while getting the provided objects at name .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sign   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  print out data in two versions .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  print   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  read in an interface plugin into a single plugin .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of files for this deployment .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find all files in a given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert an element from a single string to a c_long .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging serializer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  take a list of precomputed or deltas as specified by np .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  convert all sched_setscheduler options to a dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  emit   null

test:  get a socket connection and update the ssl closing .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  get   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  split a value .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  display   function
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event manager from media list on media this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the line that has line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   function
truth:  correct   correct

test:  redirect to the topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for codedeploy high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  wrap a function inside a trace .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the homogeneity scores without repeated scores .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  container_type : definition_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  find all flask postfix codes with a payload character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql hard new line ( requirement: url .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  find   instances
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path with radians .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   path

test:  return a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   precision
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the string representation of the given directory .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  run   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  given   order
truth:  order   order

test:  check that precision is true .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  update the cassandra ones .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   a
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first word in a matrix .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   adjust
truth:  find   image

test:  synthesis of n cryptographic-friendly digraph .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   integers

test:  return an html text .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  download   null
truth:  create   a

test:  checks when .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  add the supplied arguments to each object in the argparse .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   create
truth:  adds   a

test:  get the supplied grid between a given timezone .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  get   regression
truth:  constructs   null

test:  setup hosts for bypass of hosts and path in environment .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  search   url
truth:  read   proxy

test:  sets the images in order to use .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  depth   object
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a file: file name to a list of filesystem path .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a template record .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the named entry from the named entry .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  get   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return true if the prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of intersection values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  read size of batch_size bytes from response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  if the object_id / fails for this object .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  if   function
truth:  raises   null

test:  if an request is fulfilled to request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the name of the given object .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all of the list of all available compiler flags .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   cgconfig
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if s is a sequence .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  export the course if it doesnt exist or not .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of versions that match the given key .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   get
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test basic just a bug .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a value into a absolute value .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  decorator that records the disk of the instance .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  to   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  return the list of all themes and the given path .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  return   sparse
truth:  display   display

test:  fetches the ckan of a process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an amount of tuples to a list of pairs .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verifies that the credentials are set of prefixed expressions .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   authorization

test:  x: x: tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  compare   arrays
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return server to open a config file and write their oauth2 data into a grain system cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper function to format a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  string   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  parse an in-memory flag file .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  text to utf-8 literal for output .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  text   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  check the version of currently installed version containing the tuple returned by the user .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a global value for a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decodes a document .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  decodes   read
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return a string showing the current time as a timestamp .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist plus ruleitem | ruleitem minus expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | ruleitem power expr .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  remove the python modules .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  whitespace   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the current wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a successful s3 directory .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with the specified name and install .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  install   error
truth:  mark   mark

test:  gets an appropriate ndarray from numpy array .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifies that a string is available .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  view   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a admin user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reverse a number .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  child a file descriptor to child processes in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  redirect   function
truth:  file   file

test:  run parameters based on parameters .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods that pauses squares objects .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  encode a python int .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array whether np is contained in the same order as the string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  find   find

test:  generate sjson output for certain similarity win .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   senate
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the name of the given stream .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  collects all files that start with your widdershins .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads config object from the original object and returns it .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  -   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  run the callback class with the given callback and run tests that will run as parameter .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  returns the list of pairs; data .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a warning from a stream .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  create   page
truth:  rendered   page

test:  filter items in a sequence of 3 pairs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return the first value of the given key .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check the samples through .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  checks if a user is allowed to access this user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return data values: of data values: .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an xml element with a failure .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name for a config file .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  given a section string .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates an instance .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for registering a test class .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a file in seconds since the given size to become lk .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a random compact dict of xy bindings from .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a name of the state functions .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test for solving *touch* class .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set neighbor of a neighbor operator .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  computes   quote
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns the expected list items in a twisted way .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  walk a path .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  ignore   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  removes all the hold subdirectories of a specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and y .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make k .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of grouped ports along the port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate the password password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  convert a date strings to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run either the project or a report .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  given a music and a set of commits .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get source object from sys .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the generator from all the realigned method .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  traverse   a

test:  unescape a string escaped by markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescape   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  break the next aliased starting a next then initialize the steps so that it can only be followed .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  returned   numeric
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert a databases xml element into a string and display it .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  unicode   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  transforms pil targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test installing a broken uninstall .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  open a file in a set of subsecond encoding .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  set   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test that using a npt http/2 unit plugins .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the output returned as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  config   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request or fail .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  compute sparse 3175 statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  add validation parameter to specified unit mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  fetch   accuracy
truth:  support   support

test:  apply array in array to an array .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  server   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string from snake .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  get signal based on sender of the given sender and id .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  signal   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a page class .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the mailchimp is sane .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  loop   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show markdown text of html .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  markdown   method
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  do   null

test:  pads the operation in a list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  clear all the resource used by a scan for given target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  given the target style list and a list of the target which can be loaded .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  particular a provided string .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  create a public datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  filter keys based on the value of dict .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test setting of same plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   test
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  given a theano slices .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  nested   test
truth:  fix   fix

test:  see if the parser is a dict .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  if   test
truth:  output   output

test:  gets the value of the specified arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  run   run

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   primary
truth:  find   find

test:  pad the given data size and pads a multiple of dicts .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  prints an ndarray to spherical .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand a list of integer values .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor with uniform distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns server protocol .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  server   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate html split into gallery .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  package   up
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the name of the datadir tests .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  update quota usage dirty bit for the given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a new native port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  func   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a usable mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  mutual distance between several samples .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  make   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all available user .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   subscribers
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove the string from an text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return standard information for standard deviation .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function describing the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  wrap   shortcut
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns tuple with text attached to a tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the type of obj as a single object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  leaves   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  make sure the spectrogram is checked out .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  make   average
truth:  function   function

test:  sampling sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  sampling   function
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new corner from a file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   a

test:  find the name of the _iteratorbuffer instance .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  run code from subprocess .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  decode   stop
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote an object or special characters of a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a flavor access list to the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a dict of environment variables .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   ldap
truth:  provide   grains

test:  release tidy tidy or the document with an action .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  null   check
truth:  release   release

test:  default view temporary: .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  view   show
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest camera .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  mark   iterator
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string form .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  null   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return information about the openerp version of the system .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  unserialize the specified content-type body .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  unserialize   a
truth:  add   a

test:  require an arch linux package to be uninstalled .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  check if the kex method is the final return value of a certain kex .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an **insert** for a decoder for a fixed-width field .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the file size in bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a cors is *s* .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  when an rgb image is started .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  return the name of the current python script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  return the configuration settings for a single config .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  generate internal random length string .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  perform a directed post using menuitems report .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  send   compile
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  decorator: always returns a tree or none .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used for fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   frills

test:  convert a one-dimensional structure to a sequence of 3-tuple: .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  return the text index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a raw word list to the canonical vocabulary .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  does this string contain a line of the ascii characters .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  send the flash password without returning a flash .
truth: index handler . 
test:  send   a
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a function to start a normal summary .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorate a function to be used module .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  have have been selected by proper .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  if   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge a list of final dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists and checks if it does not exist .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a call to notify api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  null   null

test:  cast python object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  list all policies available .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a given descriptor to visible descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a list of keys .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  given   null
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  write a file to a temporary file .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  write   iterator
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the threadstate data pointer from a tensor .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  running   in

test:  check an urlpatterns file filename .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all available python version cli example: .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  create a set of default rownum format .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reallocation command section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   output
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  assign quadrature to each axis at a time .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  null   a

test:  make a new attribute type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the negative evaluators as docstring string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  get the images from the repository into the following repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  list   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check the named schedule cli example: .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  check   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a comment by the user .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  waits for a report .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  tell   method
truth:  null   information

test:  get a list of cluster names from a cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert a certain piece of all the given node with gathered rows .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create a test random integer .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   wrap
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset loops from loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   library
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the source reads the shared resource from the current request/thread .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  commits   read
truth:  initializes   null

test:  attempts to setting cloud lights .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  server   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is the figure to passed in the current figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a unique version information for the same redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image description in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the path to the relying buffer .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   page
truth:  header   header

test:  get a applications_parent .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  left   null

test:  check for use of line .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  mark   check
truth:  check   no

test:  compute an external emr sha using columns and signed .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given value .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the named modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests vsg machine from a temporary machine .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  if   null

test:  raise exception when adaptive are installed .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  raise frappe scripts also which also be a particular object account as a list of strings .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  raise   privilege
truth:  validate   validate

test:  export a dictionary as a single string .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  command   part
truth:  outputs   a

test:  convert the job with finite-difference .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  test   sets
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the logistic representation of the dataset in dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   sigmoid
truth:  returns   b

test:  wait -> str arguments: a process is running under process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a new window type .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses an http date string into a datetime object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parses   string
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k]score cup .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a constraint from a provided repository .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   tag
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  displays line with wanted .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  colorizes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download link to the according to the given time .
truth: process one link . 
test:  change   a
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-checkout(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout opts any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   interface

test:  get the shell .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  gets   print
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using satisfied links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   finder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right answer interfaces .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  test   test

test:  if /queues is installed in likelihood .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  to   =
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert a nats array to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes the histogram of two matrices .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  loads a string of alignment later and last update together .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the remote urls are present in the remote machine .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  cache cache for the current page .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  cache   delete
truth:  remove   apk

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi function as a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test the same hint as one should be shown .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   show
truth:  null   message

test:  extracts and returns a client at the given index .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs a new pub/sub topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if user is known .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  export general example of a single thread in master .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dicts by adding the .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if twisted and boto are installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test that an tmpdata outside the home assistant datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a basic auth object .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up proj to "pkgs" .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  set   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  reset the distributed data from the current problem as an json-compatible so that the problem will generate a list of sample definitions .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   json
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the directory to use for the enforced to store .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a config in a directory in subjects_dir .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check whether the hash value denotes a fallback .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets available audio output for a list of available audio modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  return reimplementation ip token .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  set   set

test:  update a task by an endpointindex implementation .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  converts   import
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator to run once on func to ensure that the specified objects is called .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return the string that matches windows option in dcg: .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the csp app is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  ensuring   a
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server with the modbus async mtimes .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  add stats for the stats[clf .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  tests   fit
truth:  run   run

test:  turns a rotated type into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  turns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   return
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete variables exist in the array and a list of dicts .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string of tuple for the specified locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  use   use

test:  casts python type to string .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  casts   time
truth:  determines   null

test:  instantiate a new class instance as control deprecation type .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets the source tree from a path as a list of source files in the given file .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test control surface raises time-bucket raises url .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  return a function that takes the same args as the function f .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a function to handle the given exception .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  force   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test default validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   student
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper to convert a resource from a resource object to the type .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  list all command usage: .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  verify that a string is completely a valid raw .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  boolean   elementwise
truth:  compute   compute

test:  computes polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in standard dna characters as errors fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or valid and valid and the list of lists
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  yield the yield chunks from sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  confirm that the user is posted to the confirmation account .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split time spec with optional s/m/h/d/w suffix .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video format .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  require a deb package to be uninstalled .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  require   package
truth:  return   return

test:  zones configuration this lists the hosts that should be accessible when the firewall is stopped or starting with the firewall .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  is   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create another pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  create   create

test:  try to guess and return the name of the request .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  to   a
truth:  object   object

test:  simple method to determine if the given code is upper .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  return   float
truth:  if   null

test:  test that a couple package/module class is enabled .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  ensure   page
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if 'mdata-delete' is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a truncated upgrade date .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  null   service

test:  test the state execution .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates a list of iri that are referenced for the given process .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  provided   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the master master for the sentinel from the local user code .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to the campaign config .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  parse the default text and store the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   svg
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait until useful for launch timeout or kill to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns ansi escape style string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  search   remove
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  compute   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  retrieve image instance for containers running the docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  test   file
truth:  load   a

test:  apply matched text metadata text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the row and save it for delete .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  find metadata in s3 files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   query
truth:  looks   null

test:  conditional response based on a rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   overlay
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  connect all of the given node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get the current promo datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   return

test:  expr_stmt expr_stmt on a single channels .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  logs   release
truth:  null   utility

test:  just like os .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  like   part
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get all of the @interruptable executes this system .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list locally installed perl cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  server   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  given   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  determine if a string is ascii .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save information about the given distance to the datastore .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  convert a fixed-width .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the line and tb exc_info for the given exc_info .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   code
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns the path to process a nested file within a nested host .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  format   format

test:  parses a datetime according to the following regular expression .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the steps from a specific list of tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  make the matlab matrix out scoring .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  ensure only one slugify from a slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get the value of a particular resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   email
truth:  if   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set hostnames'] and internal facts if necessary .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  change   try
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace packagename .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check whether a pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  use   os

test:  the api search result alternative .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that passing output of psutil column in fill_values should only replace quote .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  declare   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string size data size in bytes to size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  convert all jobs into the job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator for adding new plugin to an attribute with a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  given a otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  given   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  create a temporary file and agrees to given url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a twisted .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  context manager that adds the given target information about the given target hook .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   strips
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find an attribute that are present in the given auth package .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns a string representing the local message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  returns   paths
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a special configuration of the database .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url any parameters that has been contained in place .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test planck of started twice .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate related unit flag when it is related to cache .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  to   null
truth:  related   update

test:  decorates and return a wsgi application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  decorates   app
truth:  null   null

test:  update project that was not yet used to get base package .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   put
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : id .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  convert a relative level string to a host:port string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load an volume version in lettuce .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   handler
truth:  null   helper

test:  test conversion returned by normality .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run commands in a given applescript and execute it on a specific code .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   waits
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of elastic ip addresses from this module .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version of the python executable .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the child version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  given a python object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set a view to be used as djangos code .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute sos[section zi and got%r arrays to the product graph parameters .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  indices   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  run run module with python 2 .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prints header and backported conversion .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  null   str
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the config from package config file .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   sets
truth:  undo   undo

test:  creates an object from a string with all its actions .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  invoke the cli command line arguments onto the given arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  specified   null

test:  returns an empty content .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  return its " .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   list
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the symmetric probability that contain the specified inverse .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a safe repr of an object to a string .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  get   system
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  calling   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the testing for the command line use basic line" .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the release has been musicbrainz group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  if   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a contiguous array of sequences .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  read   nodes
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general feed with the given osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the numerical segment for a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute square-free composition f(g) .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  return all these increases .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   home
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the most appropriate version number between ver1 and local version strings .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  unfinished and incomplete fire kroneckerdelta parameters end : ndarray array of length end .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  stores   time
truth:  time   time

test:  make the timeseries and index of the current item in timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  parse strings into a semicolon-separated object .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a number of decimal formatting codes .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a resource on an elb .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute a hilbert transform of points .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  yield yield zeros of the given qpointf .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a special python method that first two dimensional hybrid .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   data

test:  validate virtual machine .
truth: always load . 
test:  module   null
truth:  load   load

test:  add a new unique id to be used .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a new tenant record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   a

test:  log and reads kmz from the given string .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  log   function
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   get
truth:  selects   null

test:  test using pip flag given a wheels that are rotated .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string or bytes to a binary string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  embed files can be passed to get the project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  check if provided data contains text .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get attendance .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  returns dictloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the gui .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   sets
truth:  null   everything

test:  get information about the repository .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  theano the given graph from a graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  exception   handles
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the transform of two independent samples .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  attempts to parse a document from the given certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  is   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> unencoded encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  return   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  wraps the method if the given method node is a decorator that takes an ancestor .
truth: function type . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ otherwise .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a list of metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  patch event .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  patch   up
truth:  fake   fake

test:  gets path to current order: .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return napalm version of typeerror based on this machine .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  given a list of 3 values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse arguments .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the list of regions from an webapps region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  creates a new database file from the datastore .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  show details of the given node .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   details

test:  creates a content in a different test based on the clients defined test .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  configures the logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  resets   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get an reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   back
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get data from the database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   logarithmic
truth:  context   context

test:  returns true if the model is an entity .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enforce the files using nopackagefileshasbeenspecified file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  if   return

test:  writes the text to the launch of the file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  most original vm takes a vm and gets the next vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write page to html .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  generate   converts
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  starts   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write paths for all the given path .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   iterator
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in cumulative terms is farther .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  transforms   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the return the polar by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return translation name for project translation .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  return   language
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  let a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  record   return
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  convert string or list into an object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file from comment .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view for wiki search .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  if there are no volume to be supported .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test that new surface requires mne pathassert .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import submodules that are not submodules from django .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   check
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  generate a dashboard row for each row .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  coordinates   get
truth:  rows   rows

test:  get the contents of a file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  null   get
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a kind .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the individuals for all the level overrides args: html : name: the name of the password to process returns: html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  renders   html

test:  check if a function is not decorated .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  if   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  restore   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  convert an ipv4 address from a given address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an image containing a png file for some "mm" .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling decorator .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  returns true if f is an infinite request .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes a json protected from the given object and delete the json page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: mtp publish mtp to provide the builds .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return buffer of received received mode using filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  process   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  display display configuration object .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  markdown   commands
truth:  set   set

test:  check if an object is acceptable .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find constant slices .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  extract   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  compile string to list .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  string   occurrences
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local otsus threshold value for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   return
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an docstring .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  deprecated: check clients .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  add   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clears = all_correlations .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  clears   entry
truth:  draw   a

test:  test that pip show command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  show   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  find the current notes notes script .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks the user users private auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  stable stable status callback for testing purposes .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   function
truth:  view   view

test:  get paths from paths .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  get new product .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  replace   volumes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download the extension from the public extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  construct the maximum mean of two numbers .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  model   x
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write fiducials in two inspecting format to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   fiducials
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  script script columns in template .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test file info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to retrieve a average loss function .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  remove supported rubies .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  test   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare a string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  null   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return the strong module to use .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message into a topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the folderobject object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  prints the file system on the partition <minor> has any errors .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies for windows fqdn via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a fake image is to be used as an instance of image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  block   wrapper
truth:  fakes   null

test:  inner power function of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended reallocation command section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  given a list of sum where all given tuples are optimal .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv string .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   f
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a file list in the given tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   implementation
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse text references from the ticket and then return a tuple .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  text   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dictionary of all items in a given formats b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  object   generate
truth:  union   union

test:  return the draft to default availability availability this system .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  creates an polygon from a given feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compare the provided data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  null   illumina
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  yields all file along files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  yield   null

test:  calculate autocovariance process parameters .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns tuple of strings containing multiple times .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  string   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert 3 .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  embed a key or embedded dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   return
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor modules to the given module .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  try to determine an authorized authentication source and start an api .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a value multiple of paths and converts to true .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  reload csf from a csf .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  provides the boolean address for user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  function   function

test:  create the mean of the metric function from an input distribution .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a test execution of amis #309: by default .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  return   read
truth:  null   expression

test:  iterate through all messages that are in a set of raw nodes .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns an random port on localhost and emit a socket .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  log the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  declare   log
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length length from the file named by filename starting with the given name .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of 3 modification directory names .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi record .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   percentage
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generates a digest[pos and generate an integer string .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  combines   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  iterate over all possible nodes .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build the xsrf action for the user .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  makes an instance of making a record on an instance .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  does an instance have a given list of strings .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  does   method
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the percentage of the current operating server .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   input
truth:  return   return

test:  check for check high if version is supported .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compile a statements of the minimum replacement for rfc :class:httpplugin .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  validate   req
truth:  filter   comments

test:  given a link id .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  mutable - use unittest2 instead of line .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   host
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this future and the results in result_queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  display the current highest-priority .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  save   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a :class:session for context-management .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace all double quotes in a single space with a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  replace   whitespace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as old 74 inference in old group .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  null   tabs
truth:  check   check

test:  lists all 'systemctl'if command arguments that are specific for caching style .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape the given text as a quoted unicode string .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this ignores several words using whole replacement for starring .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  works   a
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve hosts according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list of list of list l in the same state as input each row .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the value of the django setting .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize a gzip-compressing object from installed .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  take   action

test:  indent all lines with a string or tab line .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  indent   indent
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot to email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  to   a
truth:  look   up

test:  parse a string value to a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the name of a pointer file .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the active server for generatedcertificate .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  helper to get the empty string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  null   class

test:  returns a randomly sampled state of the parallel window .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  returns   part
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user is enabled .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the name of the current python script .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  display list of tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  display   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  get account details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   gateway

test:  retrieve the system log lines in given line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  look   null

test:  no estimated estimated .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   program
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the translation directory .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of intersection for a vif .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return the number of days corresponding to a datetime object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  return   str
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an type to the type of the type option as a linearoperator string .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  null   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return data dict and put it in all omit classes .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   parser

test:  return unix trial registry key .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  fetches user information .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  fetches   method
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like a deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  pass   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  generates the some and socket from a nats distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  display a starting layout .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  display   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  given a fake key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  126 section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that the left and left sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gnu gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  export   export
truth:  write   null

test:  test for color-coded with an squares js data .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  debug shouldnt allow only of the musicbrainz ipython object .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for cli arguments and add a method to its class via the decorated method .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  cleanup the current thread instance .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  with the cooperative seperated method .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   standard

test:  takes a soundcloud user online formatting and returns an item .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  check for refname[i .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  a nested token to only used if it is none .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  token   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the file exists in use .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  p   return
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  produces a few restricted to an integer .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and returns json code .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  caches   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes the client from the system .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  unsubscribe   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api stub object and returns the request object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  get an svg gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  test all :code:<your and true if enable_microsites installation are available .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  test   default
truth:  null   null

test:  return full platform for this application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  dumps a stack trace into the supplied stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dumps   file
truth:  dump   a

test:  find the latest module in which a package is located under a package under the machine .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  look   null

test:  stop a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  stop   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert only the constraints fit into a yaml n together .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  checks that http response has a cookiejar unauthorized .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   implementation
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string with bad characters removed for the given length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user object .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a given string to an excel row given in a1 string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a signed 32-bit integer .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns all employee updates for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a human-readable layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clear all objects in the backup cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  download a string or raise an exception if templatereturn can be found .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an environment variable .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return an iterator of a list of tuples .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  format   docstring
truth:  return   elements

test:  return an possible hash of the authentication hash algorithm .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a resource for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a json representation of the jit graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   data

test:  wraps decoding in failure to catch debugging .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  add users group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt data with some cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  the mode setting based on the current python code .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  null   change
truth:  tell   null

test:  get a list of tests in a given source file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   python

test:  format a time and time string for given period .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer for a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper function for scipy .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  function   opacity
truth:  blend   blend

test:  the argument name has been rewritten using f -> f(x) .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a json list of json documents along with a given objects and name .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  rolls   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  internal interface to be globally multiple process .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  assert   assert

test:  show filename .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  each certificate is called when the oslo_messaging certificate is configured .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  rename all graphs union .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   datetime

test:  patch utility to patch .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  return   in
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract only the length of a token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russ platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  check to see if the maximum has the specified connection .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  grain for the minion gid .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  html markup for the value .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  strip   strip

test:  redirect an http signup .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  given   admins
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the users from the database cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and end xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   xml
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all languages in system .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for waveform methods .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update a connection information on an already exists .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  hidden allows us to be removed in order .
truth: from url . 
test:  null   =
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the plural section 9 .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert job information in the yarn as a dict .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  load a new environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  add   path

test:  list all tags available .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   formats
truth:  list   tags

test:  deprecated in bin .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  make   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  perform the typing equality in the form of the pep386-compliant .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  perform   i
truth:  check   correctness

test:  c*x**i of namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  asserts   percentage
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  gets the codon property from a list of these by adding sort: .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   s
truth:  s   s

test:  get a timezone .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a string is a short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test source times .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  run a string through the given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  run   a
truth:  called   null

test:  compute the sum of *a* in the vectors .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  test   l1
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a property .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  marks   volume

test:  test path removal .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should have all es plugins .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  average flowgrams to file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  build   build

test:  redirect to one or all authorization .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  to   formats
truth:  look   up

test:  pooling a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  pooling   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  runs the stdout and returns its output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  return   start
truth:  run   cmd

test:  extract data from a random account and access stream .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  open   a

test:  return an iterator over all items by collection .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume from the given volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the current sessions to the rfc hardenedmoduleshook integration .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes unicode object to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   convert
truth:  pack   pack

test:  a decorator that adds a cookie method into its string .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  fix   method

test:  fetch the disk disk disk value .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  given   a

test:  unwrap the function calls another function calls .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  function to outputs the mime content object from responses to regroups some parameters idle : str the command line of gyp impressions content .
truth: convert response . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  test the currently-implemented components for the tableau[ chart .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  test   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  creates networkx graph from github service format it returns a graphviz graph or dictionary of g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  return   networkx
truth:  create   node

test:  the default release should have a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mininet prompt .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  return the pci model instance .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a document object with this document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  atomically return a network from every bigger or raise if it does not exist .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  count   get
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative function .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   network

test:  given a model instance .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  return the name of the password for the specified user .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  return   new
truth:  set   set

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the path to the device .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  if   commands
truth:  install   a

test:  return the reason for caching to do for an int .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   vcs
truth:  get   get

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  point   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the status of the collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  list available modules .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   version

test:  calls func .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  func   a
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  print an xml string as a maximum of indentation to an indented .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  return a list of unique errors .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  given the supplied dtype and dtype .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  given   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the cosine norm of the vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  add the bottom to the minimum overhang class and path .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   null
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  returns a config value for the current config map .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get text every second colors in [opener and colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   opt
truth:  add   syntax

test:  boolean boolean for positive .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   null

test:  create and save data for each directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  create   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  converts a percentage to int .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  expression service primary_expression and return 0 .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  chown   a
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and convert the requested cpu policy policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get timezone from a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for testing .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  returns a list of dictionaries with the given username and natural used to set .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   user

test:  fake quality of illumina targets for each fastq and log files .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  null   run
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from a string with all four characters .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the constant term in an array of constant values .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a view that returns the get response .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   page
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a given kernel cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the icinga2 to the specified master domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  get the default query result for a given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  shows the user from being redirected to the user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  shows   handle
truth:  to   try

test:  json encoding wrapper that handles datetime objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  function   function
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a list of unique summary .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  there are no time in the sample .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  release   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  clone the given dictionary into a new .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  clone   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix cron .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  update   null
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent an indentation line by indentation .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all alarm events that have not been acknowledged .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() for calculating the alignment record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the default string v .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a classical negotiation from a twos format .
truth: object factory . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  extract data from the use_case data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  yield an iterable of an iterable of attribute outputs the given sequence of .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get line name from itemstatus .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of available services .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current item in the expression .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return the shared folders for the specified group .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add the xml element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts a string to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import all modules under a given module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service name is a symlink in the given package .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the named user from the given store name the name of the certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  logging in security_monkey .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an uploaded datastore .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape the string so that it can be passed to quoted strings .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  create a new app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  list   one
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns one view of the storage .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a csr from a request .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the poll to reach a stream to wait until the status is available .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns all yaml interfaces in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  copies a list of markdown values .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  given a nxm distance .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  given   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the system supports ipv6 addresses .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy an orm request or "all" .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  null   notes
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the variable is a test .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively merge the data sets into one with the given data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the bottom .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return arma representation of arma .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   method
truth:  get   get

test:  return absolute path to correct: directory for user .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a list of all installed apps for all models in all apps .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   endpoints
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the dovado platform for sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  load the plugin file for the filename in the directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  analyze   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of articles .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reads an existing discovery or list of targets from a given service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  train   up
truth:  write   discovery

test:  get a refif reference from the destroys reference or name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  if   up
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retry until all tasks are not found and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  null   task
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a release id for a musicbrainz musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  display   names
truth:  ask   user

test:  check if the path can be known .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  disable all disabled logging calls to the specified loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   n

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a volume path for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for sequences in tree file into the main fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  tests that we can load a higher order .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  function   system
truth:  read   yaml

test:  given a template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  looks   template
truth:  returns   a

test:  drops an index index from block_device_mapping .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  drops   columns
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo camera .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns true if s is a string .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  drop the current scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to load the api .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  find   history
truth:  null   null

test:  reconstruct a filter object at a sphere bincount buff .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  labels   compute
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  class decorator to protect the values will be executed .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  error   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if a file exists .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  nickname a services environment .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  handles   a

test:  get python related extensions .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  get   function
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  structurize for an image file handle *modname* format .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set rules used by enforce() .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   up
truth:  set   set

test:  convert unicode to unicode string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of config queue with the given table name .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  list   return
truth:  access   access

test:  returns: indexing entities for a unique integer .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  same as disjoint but returns a tuple of lists of column names that are returned by rfc convenient .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   traceback

test:  returns a function for remote and a ruby name .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert an series of available interval .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  count   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only works on thesoftwareupdatemodulecouldnotbeloaded .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect a list of .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   find
truth:  return   a

test:  delete delete function if properly registered .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  freeze the given template tag using the main loop .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the string with a shell test that the doctest is given to download all compiled characters .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the launch potential potential branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return options used by the asked condense cli example: .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  url   null
truth:  send   send

test:  remove a search storage file .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   try
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  join   join

test:  get all alarm details .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that a version is actually a known version .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  establish a redis client and authenticate if needed .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  executes   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  compute size of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  compute   float
truth:  align   a

test:  assign string to a subset of nodes which can be passed to a formatting or a list .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  string   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  test if specified quality should be similar to cant .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  serialize   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a branches sequence .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  list the '{}->{}' cli example: .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new list .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  creates   up
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if argument is a bound for tests .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  list all policies of the policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get all plugins in the system property that will be looked .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  null   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add all users that are in all users .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  add   change
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  return the current user .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline generates the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sonatype runscope plugin <delivery+pipeline+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  files which sections are in rabbitmq .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  null   refs
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the tile .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  calculate   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a token from a cycling request and return its content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the current file path .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple of requests for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   normalize
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager for temporary disabling globally installed patch .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   serialize
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the milliseconds of a positive compliant .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  null   cleanup
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract an |xcodearchsdefault| for the compiled option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path to complex point .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deprecated since deprecated in a deprecated .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   unix
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess a search for nonassoc command-line arguments .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to mark magic conversion and down if available .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  to   function
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the user vectors for a prime vectors .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  is   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  takes a string and returns the corresponding unicode string with all and whitespace removed .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  takes   replace
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  convert a view to a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the list of all data parent operation .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate generate text for a line ending in a line .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   lines
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  decorates a function and issues a deprecated deprecation warning on use .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  decorator to ensure parallel .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run the html executable .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   html

test:  the cache entry point for the script .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  greatest two lists of a and b by a .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the argument to use the command line arguments .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  export for working .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  if   new
truth:  export   export

test:  team controller - uses the experience method .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  get the named program .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of args .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   compute
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all standard hosts .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  read bytes from a file-like object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  function   data
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory body from the original schema .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  move to theano gpu shared variables the device using theano .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  move   swap
truth:  error   error

test:  rewrites faults loss for all features .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  batch   summaries
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that freeze works .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  launch a process into windows and wait for launching .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  function   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  creates a member from a member cube .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get list of hosts associated with a given host .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  selected shared variable .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  handle   source
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cliques of the given node .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure a ticket is done when we cant try to use this file extension / tear .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a list of all identity servers for a given server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the first sample of a given file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  get the current policy for the policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two search arrays to utf-8 in file handle .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a helper function to mock inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  to   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  return a string with a lowercase .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  text   string
truth:  string   string

test:  inject type_qualifier from a container .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   inject

test:  get a new user with checkout audit needed to serve api audit access to the course .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of all virtual machines on a specific host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   a

test:  which matches the path or ~user after a eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a dict of messages for a particular group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a control client for the given persistence .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given some error .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   subjectselector
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  contain an absolute uri in iso 8601 format represented by rfc 2965 .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply an image using the eager log file .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   count
truth:  changes   changes

test:  perform a cookie .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  function   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the version of a script that configure a version string .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  get the gradient value from a string representation .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  get   minimum
truth:  quantize   a

test:  formats the data for a file .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest api .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  initiate a status using devices .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  take the input given by the user from lang-specific .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  download   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test 'sgd' normalization for model methods .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   pad
truth:  test   test

test:  add polygon by polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of service columns for a user .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the name of name is not an ssh storage device .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  name   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a system tool for the named tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  a handy helper function to get the full url and update the current request as a query string .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure that the user starts with a reporting .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  make   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restful crud form view .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  to   actions

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a time zone aware datetime into a string timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   python
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which takes one or more functions and passes it to another training and should be able to an existing effect .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  check that an distribution matches the avaiable property .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a kroneckerdeltas of a function .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  tuple   function
truth:  null   replacement

test:  get the stopped container of the url .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  event handler for mapping directory and directories of the given dir that does not exist .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  a view to exist .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees 90 degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  make the distribution .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes a function that will fit once .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  return all available formats for the given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the extension is a wildcard .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  constructs hint reply from json file .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to a base64 encoded images .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  return a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  return   series
truth:  search   series

test:  expands points to the ylast network .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  execute   elements
truth:  starting   starting

test:  remove the files that are currently supported by the target in the epoch .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  cache   remove
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name return the matching source file name return the python modules .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  apdu information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  reverse   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template name based on a theme .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a 404 with a get request .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  when a function definition raises an exception .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  checks   retry
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a fullscreen class to an item .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all tasks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  set up a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  set   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  returns whether the content for the given form for a given form .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  content   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  discover invalid reviews of invalid reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  used   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  convert a number to an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  count   count

test:  set the server delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns studio and studio nodes contained within edition' .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  renders the list of breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get all paths that are unique .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns file name for full path .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  file   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate parameters to make life .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  build   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  merge multiple blocks in the given list of blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   chocolatey
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  update access to default group in optparse outputs .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  orphaned   settings
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return the beginning data from a stream at that is beginning with a python object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   a

test:  generic python 2 .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a number of bytes into a string .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an apache site to be enabled .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   checks
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of source and their corresponding to a given dictionary of source groups .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compute source estimate estimate using a stc object .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   source
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes all files under created .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  raises an exception if the ironic module is not enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse and return an xml from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   in

test:  set up the coinmarketcap thermostats .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that translates a function into a space-separated string .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of locally in which the given command cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  extract   runs
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns list with length and values .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  checks the elasticsearch test if a dataset is not installed .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  raises   a

test:  convert the links into dest .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract an ipv6 address from a given address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates the model instance .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  model   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  remove restart .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  return the value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  print   print

test:  return size in v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   cluster
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  simple moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the start vector3 .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks new versions for a given version .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  validate that we have to go through whitespaces .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  validate   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  delete endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  host   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  is the flexgets .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  is   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  spam object to answer a question related to answer .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  review   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that marathon can be used at runtime .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  return an instance of emailmessages based on its type types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  return   check
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  factory around vector3s .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  null   open
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get the front segment lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether 20 reads the contents of 20 <name> .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   null

test:  validate the local ip address for a given ip .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  if   null

test:  estimate the shortest value of the proportion .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  rank   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function parses the given xml separator and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check for diffs operations are consistent correctly .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   repeat
truth:  null   null

test:  tests file plural in center plural .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  get the path to the regex .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sort the given version of dicts .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  spammed -> str return whether the given server should be returned by a number of sockets .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current cms link in the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  return   page
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload the cached directory .
truth: release the package . 
test:  make   files
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to an filepath .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  template tag values for access to assignment environment if needed .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  null   like
truth:  build   build

test:  open command from command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  open   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  adds a cycle after labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  interleave   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert hessian into nan to nan .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  convert   root
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks for ytdl .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  public routine to check the usage of a python object .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  get the default time zone as a string .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   time
truth:  modified   get

test:  test whether a label is a valid tableblock or not .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  label   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given name is a 'event' prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test whether getting is properly updated with function responsible .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates and copy of the given model instance fields to the given model instance .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  copy   a

test:  error if connection is a string .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  test   test

test:  print a status message .
truth: prints a . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process with a tree of all of its component .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  a path-like image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  converts   a

test:  a certificate join indices after removing left and join it .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the path to the packages for a given package .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  choose a httreplay .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collect the hook and collect any data from the image .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the current runtime setting for a process .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   read
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  read kb entries from filename into .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  download   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  intercept to skip test unless a database is json .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  open an ssh file in a directory .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  open   module
truth:  load   credentials

test:  provides context dictionary to be redirected to a systemd object .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if the tpot cli example: .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  converts you like a file: url into a equivalent url if a user is already quoted .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  create file debug directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  represent a step job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  does   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the given xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorator for adding a function starting from the same poll .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  writes a alternate filename .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  file   a
truth:  null   part

test:  return a single test cases that can initialize tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  running   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the user manager used by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method and chooses manager to secrets subdir .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test types that have been fully implemented in csharp .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   type

test:  extract and extract all the list of strings .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  get an polynomial of cachedir .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the posted roads limit for given roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a response into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  like   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_forward_word .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate the bytecode code for a given python tree .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  fetches   get
truth:  find   find

test:  notify for arp files in order to demonstrate globals .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  print   print

test:  clears the uuid for uuid .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  load all images area from the leveraged_etf directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  hack for some technical formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  remove the binary tensor from a binary tensor and write it to the response .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   output
truth:  compute   compute

test:  provides a list of deprecated configuration .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  generates a base url for a url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the *l1* sum of two removed .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   np

test:  format the region for a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return the complex number of error responses for the image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  error   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ask the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  ask   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  renames -> liking see also have a sentence .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  change   error
truth:  =   =

test:  counts a polynomial of a polynomial polynomial with the widget of f(x) objects .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the device data into a string containing the device names .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a python events and create a dict for each event on the required hypothesis .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a agg image instance for the given image .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  changes config item from site settings .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  config   get
truth:  get   a

test:  split some responses headers using http responses and return a tuple .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  split   json
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new service group cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull bull representation of the idmapper graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily change jinja environment with properties for the same env .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  model   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi pipeline with wsgi object .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  get current config .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  hosts a new plot .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  rebuild   return
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test cleaning for an issue downloading the expected bar to ensure that a mailserver argument will be created .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns the 0/1 datetime based on the human readable ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  get   way
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get files in the repository .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve fully resolve .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieve string for all the entities in the array .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  string   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  skip test decorator that skips tests in the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  skip   run
truth:  use   use

test:  safely remove commands .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects examining{}draftsforimproperkey' response metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  reorders items in sequence .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  pass   return
truth:  get   get

test:  process a control file in a list of control files and save the control kernel .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  process   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fully qualified path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache parameter cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base name of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   directory
truth:  name   name

test:  extract the size of a dataset .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  if   io
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bottom rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  either an object or an aux form the depth form .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  function   order
truth:  write   null

test:  convert a string into a dict .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  turn   file
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that calls the method on normal instance and then is not found on the process returns: none .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  prints some times that contribute broken livestreamer should raise a bugs .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns the class specified by a function .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the size of the current page font file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  return   try
truth:  read   read

test:  transitions a cleaned .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  change   duck
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a list of error messages in place .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a given message to qutebrowser .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes a scalar operator to an index .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  promotes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return xmodule that are supplied by chain .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  use   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  get a single image on the image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  set up cache on the c{django_objects} in the cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  set   try
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   activation
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of a different string with a different xml .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the default arg v3 for inception tests .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  disables   use
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  example of a soft curve certificate that was specified with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  point   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  the value for monte constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  piercing -> str convert a string to obo .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns 'popularity' to use for the given obj and region .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  matching   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  gets the class for an attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  gets   adjust
truth:  format   format

test:  get the provisioning function .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and y .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch a file .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   try
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out kwargs for a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   helper
truth:  filter   filter

test:  extension the query parameters in a quote .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  quotes   convert
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  import module version .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set users help user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  export   get
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  defined the output of features that was sorted in the mnist .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  features   request
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the passed url belongs to stackoverflow on success url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate the samples of the provided sample '>u .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  null   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  check if a given model was installed .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor deleted id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  gets the authorized backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   return

test:  push the current figure to a new loop in a shared format .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  wrap a line with a lowest line of text .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  abbreviate   html
truth:  using   null

test:  decorate a new matcher after a theano matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all the data inputs .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions a test suite by test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if there is an float value for unknown .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the minimum of the minimum .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a string containing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  return   titles
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if path_info is google cloud storage .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the validators to y .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  updates the contents of a new system .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  fixture to get rid of file in a static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  file   return
truth:  content   content

test:  remove a django management request from the given student in the request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  encodes text into the encoding and save them to a file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  decode unicode .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  decode   up
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file url for a server and return the http url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  ensures that the specified values is a assignee_id integer in the current context .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change between the deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   server
truth:  make   null

test:  get the fully qualified machine .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the database has been modified .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text to text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   iterator
truth:  print   print

test:  parses config file to multiple processes to pass in category_name .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  exception   init
truth:  update   a

test:  returns a return httpresponse httpresponse page .
truth: error view . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a word if the word is a specified word .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  if   load
truth:  if   null

test:  creates context .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a id"{ cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   service
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a list of individual modules .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compute image filter based on the gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   remove
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests wsgi permission correctly .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  returns the context from the last line .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  returns   log
truth:  set   set

test:  run mapper job for running in mapper .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  run   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns dict of differences .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   info

test:  make sure that astropys works even if no bugs make sure the full apply bugs make sense .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   while
truth:  url   url

test:  save the list to the temporary file and save the filename to the file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the number of seconds .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the disk usage of a computenode .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  parse data into [ .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  get an mercurial stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  raise   method
truth:  print   print

test:  return a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  to   null

test:  determine if calls is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the xml element for a given xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  return   security
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find an 'sss' number .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a single javascript notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   a
truth:  prepare   null

test:  replace all data on the given one selected account .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  returns updates updates updates corresponding to the moving average of the root rate rates by dividing notation .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  wrapper around threading .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape mkarg .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escapes   integer
truth:  escape   escape

test:  when the users scroll widget is blocking .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   set
truth:  link   a

test:  equivalent to local mode using sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  only call the named translations from the current minion .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  render   default
truth:  return   return

test:  dont display data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  calculate   appends
truth:  display   ret

test:  parse an exception .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  runs this function via the l{deferred} .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the pattern in the pattern that can be used to management solution and negative notifications to a replacement format .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the groupnobs decomposition of 1-d simultaneous .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost rate than or 1 .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  construct the path segments of a url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test renders a mismatch of hook when inverse setting is not found .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns the url for the python object given the model class .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of clauses alarms .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  return   file
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file or 1 to a specified shape .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  implement nrt_decref in the pointer .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return a tool_shed_repository container shed url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  custom page for temporary file .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to start and end version from sys .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  null   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns checkpoint checkpoint name to the current experiment checkpoint directory .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  converts a view to aspect requests for views requests .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all sequence from a sequence of 1st .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  find all matching strings from a file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply inputs to a tensor containing inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send and send an example to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test the wcs method .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns a schema or value_on user has the specified resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  validate   a

test:  this is needed to return a unique s3 key for the given function .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  is   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the kth cumulative vectors .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  the text or instantiating pattern .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the calendar maximum from the database .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  produces   a

test:  creates a basic tuple for an artifact that will use the named tuple every time .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  creates   validate
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   parses
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string like 5 days into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent the given text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   quote
truth:  given   indent

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  search for a sequence returns true if article? are same .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  given   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a list of all the contents of all the memcache .
truth: home page . 
test:  produce   default
truth:  null   page

test:  test account without a simple decorator .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   unicode
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  return the float current video tracks .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  return   new
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of 8bit parts to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  look for the specific user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  look   convert
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send an instance of the server .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  order   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make sle record from companies .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  make   dictionary
truth:  patch   patch

test:  cache decorator to set evening .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  updates the trimmed connection secondary .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the sonarr platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the calculates and values of the given data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return an error if given path should not exist .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  decode a class object obj .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  print the atof(s) .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   file
truth:  file   file

test:  wrap value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove user in a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  if   check
truth:  remove   user

test:  alias for route53 route53 .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  profiling   return
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  sends   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is not disabled then it must be enabled to start to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  updates the security group of a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the open summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dict of dicts from a given field .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  get user storage environment variable .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the number of bits used as log message parameters bits : string window returns a list of oring values .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  install the built-in servererror endpoint .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  modify a modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  remove upgrade upgrade directories from old cut_off .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  registers a notification about host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  are   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup a new certificate .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  processing   server
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string containing a positive strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  compile all matches in the string by using all matches .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get tags for an object .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  flags   flags

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   one

test:  returns the maximum and values in the datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates dns labels .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances of the given module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   gradient

test:  runs last last last notification user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  draw the modifies card .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  color   channels

test:  import all python modules below the given directory .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   up
truth:  import   import

test:  see if datastore is mounted on a gxx .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a router interface is a owner .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  flatten a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  returns a list of short key value from the given key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the floatx metric chunks with a given name .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  privkey notification to be able to get the result .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  point   script
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the specified path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs and the default section name .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  increment increment dataset eput for given ip .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  preferred   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes the positive must be case .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop a sequence to the names of the given how many times .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  check that astropys ecliptic transforms for round-tripping .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table to hopefully .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   calculate
truth:  insert   insert

test:  constructs and returns a pickled function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of nodes which can be inclusive_or_expression .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a human-readable string with inclusion characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   replacement

test:  like de-normalize but returns the object the object every object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  fake - just a line in zenoss .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  -   helper
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert all the user input .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  decodes   get
truth:  given   null

test:  get current command line list .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  gets   crud
truth:  request   worker

test:  ensure arguments to enable arguments are set to enable original memory .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  named   null
truth:  create   create

test:  write an image .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a client for the specified cache client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  skeleton skeleton allowing for bench .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the name of a type for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a list of html header strings .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the native python file .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the type name for the given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the stubs id from a datastore id string .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  change   install
truth:  convert   a

test:  test scaling and state for a dataset .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges in the graph .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   keychain_items
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the '123 should write clock values on the filename .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  following   following

test:  test that the messages between streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  adds reserved state to the requestcontext .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the default translation cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  get   block
truth:  is   null

test:  checks that the user is recorded and has any owner .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate the cannotcombine 1d for an image .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reboot   returns
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from pypi .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the file preferred module .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  loop   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a valid dn value from an dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  null   versions

test:  open a *ctx* file .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  open   a
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a keys keys to the environment prefix .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a datetime value into a string .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  main method for imagenet images of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  processes   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  the ribes of which yields ribes from the given sentence .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the name of the package name for the current thread .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  bash bash command down cmd in a shell .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  send   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the mixing matrix for the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  returns   differences
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the info['extensions'] of a certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to utf-8 unicode string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a rabbitmq node to its virgin state cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  start   start

test:  same as {{ but sends a temporary video .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find all acceptable properties for a given elastic image .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  checks if a request object exists and calls head on each request .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag that require a question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate figure given a single image .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  using   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  like l{chr} but returns the atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  like   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   assume
truth:  to   check

test:  wrap a scalar string to a set of strings .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of files and involved for the given package .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given two weekly count .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  ensure city calls to systemd projects are valid .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  flask +?// bytes .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  url   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a range file and sorts valid range mapping .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  determine if a token is invalid or not .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  reject   reject

test:  given a package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  if   check
truth:  get   get

test:  creates and returns the instance .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  takes   a

test:  tests that the suggestion changed in the suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear and calculate a single image .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  shift   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save a model to the new model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   a

test:  returns information about fund in the request tld .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  download api or fcm .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  object   parses
truth:  get   cluster

test:  returns true if valid version is a valid mac address .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  add   new
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of the files that will be used .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  return   list
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  find common having values in an array .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   find
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  run the bokeh sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  scale the translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  scale   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  return the jar of the named user is present .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  prints broken information for volumes .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  display   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate x for a square matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  measures   helper
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  gets a module from the given name .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return string representation of the hosts that are alive in a list .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  string   undo
truth:  builds   a

test:  determine whether the given mode represents closed rights .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve fact facts from fact args: fact : the fact to set cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  convert   dict
truth:  run   facter

test:  convert a number to resourcedenied integers .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   algorithm
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download that redirects to the requests .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   invoke
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume group and take its status and take the value plus the block .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper for fieldname .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   like
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  tests   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  adds two theano variables to sparse .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test useful chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  fixes   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unsqueezing operation: reshape to convert channels into space .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  unsqueezing   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test inverse of zipimport .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  issues   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that raises an exception if not found and fail .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   output
truth:  ignore   null

test:  checks whether f meets a field of a given estimated gcd and g .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  checks   gcd
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get the vertexes given stl and add them .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  get   vertex
truth:  add   faces

test:  element-wise tile .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  creates   a

test:  print the given command line arguments to stderr .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  print   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   sets
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert the given remains number to retreverse coordinates .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  find all realm records for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  returns a block device name from image .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check and convert an untracked formatted status update output .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   list
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file of filename parameters filename : json serialization for using json serialization .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  takes a country form of a file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  takes   module
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates a list of the edges of a given degree .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  warnings   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return pagination day from latest day .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  return   add
truth:  show   show

test:  kill the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   quota
truth:  kill   kill

test:  loads the given module from the database will take a titles to load .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   reload
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restore an multiple config file options that should all multiple small-world options .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  creates a new .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive successive chunks from list l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  yield   parse
truth:  list   list

test:  return the path .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  attempt to make a product operation back to parse terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given a multi-index and y .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  return   bearing

test:  return the url to the database .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  for python 2 only on python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  encode   in

test:  add a request to the language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize a new group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space or unicode instance into unicode .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields from the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert state returned in h5py to a file on windows .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   function
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  return uid for a csrf- dictionary of signature and default config for the uid .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  make   null

test:  convert non-sequence to 1 element sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  null   element

test:  convert length to numpy array or raise an error if true .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  invoke a plugin to see also closed .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  document   close
truth:  wraps   a

test:  dummy implementation of numpy .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  null   server
truth:  given   current

test:  return the path to the group that owns a given file this function will get the user under all indicated if there was followed .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load and ensure its version is installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  configure   run
truth:  check   check

test:  sign a receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates an attribute name .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  dump   returns
truth:  raises   null

test:  download a cache file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  download   attempt
truth:  looks   null

test:  return a bandstop .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  configures   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  to   controller

test:  constructs a widget class by sales .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  shows   accepts
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to model'] and determine if we are a program .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if lhs is none .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  rules   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the */\n#define .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  given   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return ret[namevhost][comps[ and status cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   server
truth:  show   show

test:  print status message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  return   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  initialize the user version of arguments .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  send   send

test:  read a new file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return configuration jwt with the api api .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the trees in the given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get and get multiple iam group example:: from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   group

test:  same as json .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  converts windows absolute path to long colors .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   sets
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check for path and parent back to reparse .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  process   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  wrapper around seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  func   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns true if the given object is valid .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  get   get

test:  equivalent to str .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a pages for the alert of an alert pages .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  decode messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  consume   messages

test:  returns the instructions in the instructions that was generated by the notimplementederror .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check if filename is a test for .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sync sync sync .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   run
truth:  draw   null

test:  transforms standard calls and calls any api on the response object and calls passed into the series with the identify_table() to perform any response body .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns minimum unsafe or both line and documentation .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the devices to a string for the given base version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  format   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the parent directory calls are running by the last time a previous keyboard .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  compute the image points in a set of filesystem objects .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  stopped   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  receive   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  a shortcut for python 2 .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  obj   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms all ansi color codes into one space .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  search   euler
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  tests that the items in g is a list of items of g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path to the standard path in the specified path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   find
truth:  file   file

test:  return a generator of a metadata file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  return the shortest character with its utf-8 width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  return   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  reorders the database .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  returns the name of a module .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if a variable is compatible .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if shuffler contains a single stream .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a tuple of settings for host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  given   null
truth:  include   include

test:  {getattr disconnected from strings .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  debug   text
truth:  error   error

test:  get a list of the top matches to a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   a
truth:  select   null

test:  convert value to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the users password from the minion .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns flavor alias for flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  start forwarding forwarding .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   options
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies the contents of a sortexpression into a searchparams proto .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass the value with the iterates over the iterates .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  does   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a figure to enable the inversion game .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  create   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  parabolic and derivatives .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  initialize   return
truth:  null   values

test:  check for proxmox .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  quit from a file .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  stripping   null

test:  like the string of bytes or none .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  create   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test has all of a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  for backwards compatibility .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  push the default output to the entity .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  push   args
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view for remote user tests .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  find an s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return true if x and y are equal .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  if   obj
truth:  adds   null

test:  downloads temporary files of community layout .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   minimum
truth:  runs   runs

test:  test that the threads are created successfully .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a dotted module path and return the attribute/class modules which may be loaded as a dotted object .
truth: source: django . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  null   django

test:  add method to setup a datastore stub .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  add   up
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of order names based on the key names and their order .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   items

test:  allow for a bluetooth function so that they are equivalent .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  allow   calls
truth:  wrap   a

test:  test for issue do:: .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a link to a valid fits string .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute lesser lesser pseudo-quotient of the second kind .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  evaluates   linear
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group of a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node to node2 and node2 to node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  unlinks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a new random degree sequence .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a dict from a file .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  selects   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  search a query for an existing vm .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  obtain   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset the the gaussian index page .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  creating   text
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check magic of microsoft .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  test   test
truth:  collect   null

test:  accepts a coach .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   signal
truth:  write   null

test:  check for a github user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  check   accept
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the proper file remove the file remove the specified sequence .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  output   output

test:  returns true if the given object is a hexidecimal object: .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the xml string corresponding to features .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a configuration egg for a given resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the parameters of a layer or group of layers .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  create a variable shape of shape initialized with shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last index .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the salt://_wheel platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse and return tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write an archive to a destination .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  write   email
truth:  download   download

test:  return true or compiled items of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  search and return an archive .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  do   windows
truth:  null   webhook

test:  returns the short: party for embedded attachments .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  receives   null

test:  test some more connector for the doc node .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  returns a new service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  retrieves items in the datastore and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a content-type object to a list of strings .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return the :class:dict wrapper .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  func   func

test:  converts all modules with beautiful attributes to entities from kb .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes the inputs of a model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state file .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  change message to cover .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  log   env
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the kruskal-wallis histogram histogram of the given distribution .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  null   histogram
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute partial transfer .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  physicists   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns true if a string could be a specific reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a version string indicating that the python name was deprecated in use as version instead of inherited .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  x: power down the correlation vector .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  transform   sigmoid
truth:  note   note

test:  converts camel-case style names to camelcase case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing from a local requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  example: messages simply checks if built .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  list   list

test:  turns redundant positions in a reciprocal component with its component .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  return the direction for a given interface name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   numeric
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication parameter group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature the lower and b .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  element-wise sigmoid function .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update the string to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  copy data retrieved from the inputspace api to produce a data type or an array of bytes .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  apply   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns a queryparser configured to all plugins in multiple fields .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   works
truth:  returns   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  confirm that the decorated alerts is still run .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add the craft plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable monitoring' stream for stream .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  truncates the fastq against a file based with two fastq conversion if seqrecords is given .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a document from an instance of old arg .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that the given dependency is installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get teardrop drill hole to negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   wsgi
truth:  get   vector3

test:  calculates the product of an array of shape .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make an undefined-step client on a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  send an event to node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  send   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the preferred time format .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  gets   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a full ofs to be used for new storage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   function

test:  determines which a given module is considered to check that the version of an operation .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   return
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  returns a list of exploration complete the collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function that enables a service to make sure that the location is a valid .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  print and return the contents of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  write   a

test:  get all migrations for an artist or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   release
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise truth value of a tensor .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   sin

test:  remove a member .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup leaf for all asserts that file contains a top block .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  processes a new instance of files to be used in the test .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  check   null
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a dict with the provided version information on the resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  get the current view view view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  figure   figure

test:  resets the cuda subsystem for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  forgets   reset
truth:  query   query

test:  return the path to the available config file .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  determine if number is number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  configure the logger for the given kernel .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  construct   null

test:  generate a string suitable for use in a cookie .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the current git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  return a list of dicts that contain state return data to be passed as specified by adding a list of dicts to state functions to state functions and whitespace functions
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract a response object from an http option .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a signature uri signed with hashed authentication .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  expand the absolute position of the current thread in the entire thread .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  provide the specified task object from id .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple used string .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  flatten a pathname .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option options options options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  default special effects for the matplotlib test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  override   test
truth:  package   package

test:  delete a dataset of profilesfeed .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the given template with the given context .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  return   null
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset and the test .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the first recurrence of f by a sequence .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of valid ntp modules cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  register the mysensors platform for sensors .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  checks that the version number arising view is in the search collection .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  produce a file-like instance .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates multiple actions that will validate actions .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   validates
truth:  creates   a

test:  ]]append -> babc b .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  executes gcd of gcd in a pair .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  write   content
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print the indentation version of object to indentation line .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify about a single audit audit usage for completed .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  exists   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stderr the temporal and return its children of a text .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for a none containing series .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   time
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project that can be used to get the file dependencies .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  open   get
truth:  return   a

test:  check the iphone button based on profile and other categories .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return path to the given log file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return the metric metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  relabel   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  loads a bootstrap message and returns the list of could read explorations .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  generates   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a le32 connection groups .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  checks credentials or framework file if it has any .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  checks   imports
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate pre-3 values of extra parameters .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs forward into bifid msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create selected tags to a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  use a message to the received jsonable access .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get monitor monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  create   a

test:  updates the default response headers .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  set   set

test:  defines the resource action for a segmentations .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  loop   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  save modified file and changes its selected image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  save   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  read if a topicsread instance is valid .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a test file from a list .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sets up to be available on the given host .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  exists   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  translate an exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translate   converts
truth:  translates   null

test:  get all computenodes .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the value of a python source code .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  read   file
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns messages from the smtp database to be used .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path documentation from the python module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  import   a
truth:  module   module

test:  base on minions using the shape and separate the shape of show .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  is   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require disabled test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  get the valid trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  step 'ing' .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  equivalent to the expression/path .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   messages

test:  passwdprog user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the linear coil_trans of linear filter wrapping the ols note that it is given .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  hash a string used by hashing .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take an integer and a string .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  take   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert github format to bits .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  take the parent path separator .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  take   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator which adds a function to be called via http instance .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   decorator

test:  make sure an http response is http request .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  make   add
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a random integer 4 algorithm .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  if   return
truth:  use   use

test:  parses a bit file and remove all status information from the system .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  create   method
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compile_single compile a sql property and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get default args for storing content .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  import   a

test:  make a cprint .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  adds the elements to the index which has the classes of k .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  prefix   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  when a panel is created .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  null   new
truth:  add   column

test:  replaces all spaces .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  convert a packet .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all files in the list .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where each image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the data from a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   lxml
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  import an error block in an parent block .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  to   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  this method is for a quadratic representation of nan .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  determines whether a call would cause an optional decorator to a read instead of a task .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  1w3d6h _merge_log_error .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   use
truth:  starts   a

test:  convenience function to find a datetime for a table with hashable parameters .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  breaks   null
truth:  display   a

test:  check the pillar data and verbose_name_plural .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  check   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program that exists on the system .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  return the last n elements .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg encoded image .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   time
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  return the value represented by a change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available locales .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   list
truth:  adds   null

test:  download a new page that matches the clients domain .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert value to int or int .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  wait until a and timeout seconds to become true or created .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  context manager to restore a ccx git-commit-id .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  load a module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  validate a string for a categorical value .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  check   check

test:  detect indefinite article .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the function to identify times at host:port given .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  call   usage
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  change the given :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  change   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a movie for groebner processor .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  null   information

test:  return text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  text   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  get the gid and add the given group id to an windows .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all status of a process .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list the files in the selected command to be in the target for the user to look up against the command to safely .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  list   function
truth:  uses   rar

test:  a helper function for loading the expected value of the specified first .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  merges two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  load the plugins specified in multiple plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   plugins

test:  return true if f has no polynomials in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code from your related to the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a country calling code is a possible country code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the at least one group .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  expands the url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  url   encode
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of intersections in the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  deletes   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the coefficient of a sample array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  asserts that user can actually be created with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test chart rendering with a none chart .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not a list of stat is a match .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  get the event handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature color .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  this decorator can be used to mark a function or method as an eval context callable .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test complex application support .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  close forwarding logging if it is not a source .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete large product of host .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  compare   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  check that value is true or false if given a string .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  write the specified refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  write   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that on messages created by old .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  interpret and returns the result string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  compose   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  this optimization remove exp(a)-1 and converts dimension to expm1(a) .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a set of limited to the set of database .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the us macro data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the pidlockfile test configuration for a scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  generate all values in a set of tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a new symmetric matrix .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   mark
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  process the given array of unique elements .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   a

test:  list all changed packages that have a blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  returns a set of all languages languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update connection .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  update   object
truth:  account   account

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  get activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  to   loss
truth:  return   activation

test:  yaml: groups .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  sleep for a particular crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  do   null

test:  load data from a module .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all subscription subscriptions subscriptions for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  get   get

test:  utility for alpha*pos(x) execution .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  accept   like
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the font reader .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group user data header .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  access   add
truth:  add   add

test:  maximum of array elements over a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  null   deviation

test:  get a vcenter for the specified interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  link the key status code to stdout .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   actions
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  supports the command-line arguments to the options line based on the options manager .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return an formatted color code .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   numeric

test:  takes a double bit for a numpy boolean field .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the doctypes for all activities at the user .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  reset   values
truth:  null   null

test:  this function is called right with the data in the groups .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs basic bits of an existing entry .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   project
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  return information about the machine .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  print unformatted messages and exits to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   logging
truth:  enable   console

test:  construct an json for a specified url .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  retrieve   json
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns a password with a password set of keys or password a string of keys .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  returns   passwords
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a pillar modules .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  creates   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  return a unicode string version of s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets relationship stored in cython form .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return a list of the weight load a positive expression .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  join two digests and join it onto a string .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  join   null
truth:  join   join

test:  compose a formstyle form for an incident form requiring dummy view .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   field
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize lexer .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that the xblock column works on an input matrix should raise the ~/env forest if the ~/env is given .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  test if we can ignore the list to make sure that we know about to .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   pycodestylemod
truth:  if   check

test:  run a command on a remote host .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  run   commands
truth:  execute   null

test:  main entry point for un-handled command-line interface .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  launch   get
truth:  creates   null

test:  strip html string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run a python object .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  scale and convert an image to a multiple of project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  coordinates   pull
truth:  project   image

test:  return information about the minion modules .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  process   return
truth:  list   list

test:  install internet package if the current python internet is importable .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install constant and exists .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  get a new server object for sessions in the signature using the signature add-on .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do a config file .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  return true if the requester is available .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string string to a python number of bytes .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  show a background background image using a background figure .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  transfer   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check the docstring docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the full url to the about: if a thumbnail already there is no importance: urls .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  return   return

test:  shuts shuts down the scalar .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  args: produce an denominator feed into an denominator list of common ending in ascii .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  using   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all the possible tags available on a list of tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return length of the shape x x .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a public key libcrypto .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  align   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a datetime object to json string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle a all code to be registered .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  clip   function
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  this is a helper function to open a unique id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  is   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  supply supply the studio grouping algorithm .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  label   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove unicode and contaminated will be used in python .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if there is an subgraph in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse an object and return a message class .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return turns a list or more digits .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  draw an array of randomly sampled columns .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote a single character .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns list of keys currently playing explorations with request 1 .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test basic implementation .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  null   file
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a table with a given color value .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  null   language
truth:  build   a

test:  update the pairs without saved .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  update   list
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a time string to an integer .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   email
truth:  convert   http

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches the last-modified url and returns a storage object .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  fetches   pass
truth:  return   return

test:  download the requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  test   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a virtual interface record from the table .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email for list .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a field onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  stream   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected dict of user preference with the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an empty view .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  given   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  retrieves request results when the request is false .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  move   handle
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  given   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  parses and returns equal to the given url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  to   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  tell for removing all the running step .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  verify   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  creates new event in no event loop for the no event given event speaker .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  takes a qualified timestamp .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  flips   function
truth:  entries   entries

test:  get a list of items in a specified environment .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   one

test:  return a filename for the files that matches the specified filename .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  if   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get terminal columns of bytes .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  transliterate a module that is not recommended .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  import   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  selected llf .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  null   create
truth:  resize   a

test:  check if a list of users is actually a new one .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an instance of cartantype for the given object with a given name .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  encode an encoder to convert a string .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  null   encoder

test:  force filename to correct .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  guess   version
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for an given baseline string is a valid host-name log file .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  raises   validate
truth:  log   log

test:  return a tensor that can be passed to the eval .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  test reconstruction where zero image and zero image is one .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  get information about a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  reject   a
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a public key with a public key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the given string as a native bytestring .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  returns   utf8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  create the list of static files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the load data that marks a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file having a file extension .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a file .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return a file or more pathname .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  file   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  return output of there is html .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female sprite -- same as non-shiny .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a node tree .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - quantum_port_id .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  null   a
truth:  -   -

test:  encode an object as json .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a scipy sparse triples to an iterable of weighted rdfvalues .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs from a list of values .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the 'windowis registry registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture which provides a fake jobs object for all the classes stored in the test case .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give an b1950 transform of b1950 .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  to   checks

test:  for the given str .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  thread   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the jones of the given vector .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper to create a simple variable initialized using a simple variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  function   create
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert default clause .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get an instance of zipline root directory for the application used .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  detect   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the specified metadata to a column .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  read   a

test:  removes and deserialize sequences from the last line of a single space .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  leading   strips
truth:  removes   null

test:  if tests are class with a method interfaces .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  write the colorize to stderr .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  write   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update the manifest on an instance .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   review
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to all the mattermost channel to be selected via the configuration .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   send
truth:  send   send

test:  this target function detects a random random if they are inserted in the tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get the salt cloud salt .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the filename ends with strings .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  find   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the chunk of the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the number of active config file .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  post   sets
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the readlinebridge user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   enforces
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the current rss rss .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sample   rss

test:  ensure our suggestion are not deleted .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new dictionary of fields to class class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  check if a network address is a network address .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  extract   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is a valid ipv4 or integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempts to extract the current hmac-sha1 .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  constructs   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the interface name .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper function to dump the virtual machines to the current instance .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  null   list
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the area under the cross-entropy mean of the model .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   space
truth:  text   text

test:  check if we need to support support anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the application object for a given gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  gets   read
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard python string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return the current statistics of the system cli example: .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   attributes
truth:  to   check

test:  for image backends - is being used in the current figure home directory .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  null   image
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a task id .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  create   task
truth:  list   task

test:  returns a securely version of a given string .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  generates an url domain name: url => en .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter a list of paths to a single output cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  filter   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that the distance works like objects .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  check that the argument is valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  for each iso 8601 } .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns resource usage of the system .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to delete a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generates a new temporary file only creates temporary csv for temporary accounts only .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return the python module name as a version string .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  same as openid but for openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test the default ratio of the object .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a theano value from a service .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   code
truth:  function   function

test:  determine credentials backend for interacting with an update .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send gjr check to column across one element .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  process   compute
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer in file-like object is able to read from the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   values
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the textual cipher string .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  deletes text into deleting history .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the text .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an block of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   prints
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a new string from a list of complement strings .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a function that takes one or more iterables and returns the object/categorical state object .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get an instance of the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  list all the commands required for required double-precision .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  creates   options
truth:  help   help

test:  simulates a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a cookie from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that exit code is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   print
truth:  check   check

test:  convert a files in a dictionary to an excel storage .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  convert   options
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the main notification configuration files .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  config   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  loads the given image type .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  delete   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the "content-type" factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return the unix sanity check used for setting whose signature are guaranteed .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an active identity page .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  return model model from model based on the config dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the flag info command .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   current

test:  calculates elementwise functions x in linear operators .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the name of a directory .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  construct the control configuration file .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return a volumes volumes links that posix image has been reached to send cpu .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  extract the last contents of a file contents .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a string representing the specified widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  generates   states
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  creates unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  creates   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given axis of the data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held to unheld queue to unheld queue cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  associate   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean up certain employees of assets in javascript locations .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  if   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the current scene platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check if no example is saved at all read .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   fix
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if *obj* is a tuple of strings .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task from a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws ec2 service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  test dimension validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a default list of unique values .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  in underscores .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   network
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a single tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  processing   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  return the correct gettext file to load .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  check the workflows for all workflows support .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  check   loop
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  creates a key for use with a auto-correct method .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the changes in the given config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  update   in
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate all the offset extension for a time .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key key key key key key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test for issue value .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the angle from the first polar and switched .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using scharr transform from an image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uses the memcached metric for the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  if   checks

test:  get reference from the xml key .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a bigip twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the hypergeometric length of a fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  return ancestor variables of input variables of input variables to all descendant values of input variables with input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  show the openid contents of an openid server .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  display   null
truth:  render   a

test:  return default string .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a string for a function .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   calculate
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock installed as the system .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  manage the default project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  create   command
truth:  project   management

test:  return the version of the data directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of resource dataset .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  gets   path
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages from the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  wraps   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dicts and return a single dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  update   dictionary
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage the ip list for the given server .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  hook   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify class can be loaded on an empty object .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  url   a
truth:  failed   null

test:  create the subtasks task that updates the specified status .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of named rq queue .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   page
truth:  return   return

test:  read the server and setup values .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  grants   form
truth:  stop   stop

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  calls   find
truth:  locate   column

test:  fixes the url to prepend a url using wiki argument .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  fixes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the otu table to an otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with an empty range of a bad button .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  used by erf/erfc .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  get the wheel to run a test with pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test footer that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given scheme mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project resolves or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return adjective name .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  array   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a splitting integer from a viewpoint or integer .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  is   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  allows a user to require an views with a flask redirect .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the unix fact to a string .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all coverage under data .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  call a request to return the given request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the new plot .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  usage   connections
truth:  show   show

test:  return the right error between each error .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  unpause   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   value
truth:  get   vector3

test:  computes along squares transforms .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  elementwise   return
truth:  null   <

test:  pep df['date'] date parameters all_correlations : array-like :class:layer .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  access   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  reorders the class name of the python interpreter .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   forum
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if primary key is none .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  shared a list of all the named container .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing a wheel with a file .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for all description .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the dot product between two vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two arrays .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the lock for a list of tuples .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  return   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the provided original key values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended page that covers the plot .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the target is any of the given target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode string encoded by unicode_string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  level 4: require a user .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  constructs and returns the utc timestamp in utc .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  a decorator to make a function that automatically set the wrapped function to run .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time representation of a sound stocenv: based on input arguments .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  calculate   maximum
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  serialize a sequence of html markup into a string .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of running runnings if any .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  filter   filter

test:  return true if the file is a db .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies an event event loop of the desired event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   test
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  removes whitespace including tasks information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  function   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert html to the given path - the full path to the given node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   nodes
truth:  insert   insert

test:  evaluate problem state entirely for all students in a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  decorates   students
truth:  null   a

test:  try to reverse the reversed reverse .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the object name of an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet sensors .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition a dask dataframe if it has dd parameters he : str .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  perform   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load an object from triangular format .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  to   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the prefix for an asset template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  get   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  prompt to user from a number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   prompt

test:  translates sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  callback to create an undirected graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise is a helper function for simulating an elementwise equivalent to its a list of its a and then a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  run a function using decorator .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a list of dicts to their names and their created parameters .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query string .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to pickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  return   up
truth:  function   function

test:  match rules based on an xml rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  find a line that confirms stats .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if the given packed looks like a whole highstate .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  question   calculate
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  update the value of a key/value pair in a property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  deletes a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the uid that matches the specified user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   boolean
truth:  get   get

test:  if the file bank bank bank property is available .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled axis .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  return the placeholder url for the site .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  plot the correct example example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new rpc to use in opennebula .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a post header for a given path .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  read   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a reference to a media player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  interpret the given intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email with add-on containing a queue .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return the level level namespace value .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   level

test:  return the memmap between two *max* objects .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate cdf for binned parameters assumes we are not cdf parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  finds   scaling
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays debug with support settings[key]} .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   list
truth:  view   view

test:  dot product of a vector .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   jacobian
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a block device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the file in sys .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot a figure with a single image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  format the size in bytes like a human-readable file size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  patch an icmp headers to the requests requests some technical headers from the files in the qpixmap requests to store .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  object   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  calculate s assuming that it is a no-op .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   like
truth:  append   append

test:  returns the querying outgoing relative outgoing outgoing version .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set the buildout metadata and along with a given 64 .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   get
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a successful api json response to an integer .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds the initial value in multiple sub lists .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the lang packages .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: finder add or override if there exists .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate through all name and partition information from the given partition f that will be instantiated .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a list of usernames to every usernames for this user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  decode a serialized data into a tuple .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  is   result

test:  provides the server in bytes .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all cyclic sequences in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   part
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check transformations .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  issue   reading
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test the lower-level .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   precision
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  helper function: convert six string to unicode .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  a helper function to get a dict with a dict and values from a dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  null   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  effect the thru for the current python module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  checks   docstring
truth:  import   import

test:  takes a binary sequence and returns a binary string .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  calculate   percentage
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get the tuple options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the english codes from a text string .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  find the data for the transaction_objects() ~/ .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  find   open
truth:  null   null

test:  find constraint in foreign links that update database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  find   null
truth:  decorates   column

test:  from a accessor accessor .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  collect   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the formset to be used in a bootstrap layout and used to generate a friendly method .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   information
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a running service via smtp .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  add   a

test:  simple html attributes .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  default   matching
truth:  stats   stats

test:  check the current migration settings and return the ip has it .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  check   lifecycle
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to the user .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator for methods which return value .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parse a bucket bucket and raises an exception if theyre not valid .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant f in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns a cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   method
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display the list of all registered requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return the number of entries that numbers are not greater than safe_mask .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all the absolute path and queries .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the name of the object that will be saved .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  name   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  find a unique extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  mark   helper
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the testcase for the specified relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check a string to see if the given accept is actually a cgroup release of the .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  match   match

test:  creates a class that just checks if its a signature or class class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save weights to match model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  store   get
truth:  show   show

test:  associate user api .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  returns a global lock instance .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a hash of scrapy array so that we can convert a list of images before add-on .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new temporary file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  process   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  wraps a method so that they are usually before sparse context .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   call
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that a alias and copy back to the alternate own ansi constraints .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   model
truth:  check   check

test:  add a stroke e(x))/sigma)**3 to the dictionary .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   page
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore test .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   function
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before user-entered code is executed to user/frontend the first code .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  base64 base64 encoded markup from a mission .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  convert a string to an en match .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  convert   scan
truth:  null   null

test:  register authentication domains .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a new user with the current value of the user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  do anything; parse a list of items of the item .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  called   implementation
truth:  select   elements

test:  read the 2nd -flow of a directed graph .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  like _simplesizer except for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  check sequences / --help .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  null   languages

test:  return a list .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  be   dictionary
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  returns true if a task is a hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain reference from current prefixes .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate tests and extract jars test results from jar test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  convenience routine to add team_count to current set of values .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return appropriate array of x-vals around develop around the sorting .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the locale id of an existing locale and if it has no locale for the system .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand and expand block_types for each aligned .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark method mark method mark method method mark method method method method method method method method method mark method method method method method method method method method method method method method
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  pass   authentication
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write all existing markdown files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   calls
truth:  write   a

test:  drop the regression .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   helper
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if a host is 'netbsd' or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  redirect user to load balancer in an glue environment .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  analyze   sets
truth:  command   command

test:  the tests should not try to make sure the qutebrowser body is to the borrowed values with python data .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a function corresponding to a normal high .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  to   null

test:  get a list of all top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   function

test:  search based tm arguments .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a git repository string .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parse   pricing
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if a mac adapters is recognized in seconds .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of dataframe objects .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that no agent is not found .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the versions of a remote instance which are distinct .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  set   new
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current column of a specific timezone cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  given a string or unicode instance .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  given   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the global exception .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the score loss function for an expression .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a campaign feed item from a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the current purposes of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the module name for the module .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  package   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is metacharacters being metacharacters for instance .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  mimics   django

test:  try to import an ssl python module .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that the policy is admin according to policy .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the appropriate layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new public key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  items view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  overlay   a
truth:  to   null

test:  gets all gating gating milestones associated with the given course_id and the given course content .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : id id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the full path to the digest .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  make   reload
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  check if matplotlib collections for read from deprecated - deprecated checks if there are deprecated .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  if   load
truth:  return   a

test:  start the client config .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   entry

test:  plot a set of difftool to commits .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the app version this installation in the datastore version string and a app version of that was previously built .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the list of files .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  check   notify
truth:  walk   null

test:  show the last item typed .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  add   add

test:  return the status of a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  performs np .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert integer to n to n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  convert   linear
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure the parent system name is absent name : string name of the dataset to destroy all the child elements of the dataset .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   change
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the chi-squared loaded of the given get_all_stats .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  value   value

test:  dimshuffle and right points to given rotation points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  scale   function
truth:  calculates   null

test:  require the given untracked .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   expand
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view decorator that makes a list of an online list .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  hash the string id of key .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  read a number of bytes as a byte string .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  given a list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  convert   whitespace
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  quote a string escaped by various url param .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  given some given image sequence of files and skips a given image sequence .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  given   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  given   add

test:  add a function to be called when the given tag is called .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  add   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the default cache location for the named egg .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the localised literal number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find the data which should be converted to remove blacklisted .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   get
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling policy for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parses an s3 uri into the s3 uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the name of a hostname value .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a time instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  get argument: .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value :return: the word value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the current unit registry registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  install budget_bundle_kit and its default jobs .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  fix   python
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading leading leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  half the degree of a matrix by the extended at the end of a .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   ufunc
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  send a variable-size for the response .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  send   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  server   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  remove duplicates from list .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   check
truth:  return   return

test:  function to parse a datetime .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  function   str
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an http response code and return status code plus int .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  get   status
truth:  return   status

test:  get the security ace to check if the object has a description of a given type .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  respond with students students encodes the students page .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  respond   shows
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  context manager to temporarily create a fake git-commit-id file handle .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  null   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  insert a returned definition at the lowest definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns whether tcl of inverse .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file filename .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  copy files to another location .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  files   a
truth:  null   a

test:  delete a form as an integer or throws a float .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  view   a
truth:  render   render

test:  remove squares keys .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  rules   scale
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fixture to be dynamic and returns an instance of the instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a quake2 tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  format a format string in a human readable format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  format   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  we will check the specified clock until a task is not associated .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   a

test:  run a single sysctl list of the packages with the specified name the name of the package to delete from .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  configured   packages
truth:  null   a

test:  check that the values in diagonals and keeps it according to the supplied scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  try to fix words from all xml nodes .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  to   node
truth:  surround   null

test:  initialize test for rms .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  listen to another line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  is   up
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  verifies that the user is enabled in a course based on the given certificate .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  mark   list
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch and return the user identified by course_key .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new git ioloop name .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  raise error if vector is a custom convenience wrapper for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   columns
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing a package with a given package .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick a names and return a names .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   controller
truth:  pick   channels

test:  get the python diff for some python related info .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a text text text from a file based on the provided color color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  helper function to get default company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  function   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorate a unauthenticated function or method as a unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   api
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the url from the secret token from api response body .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  extracts   output
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for getting the argument type from urls .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return true if fmri is enabled before running .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  to   check

test:  returns request as provided by name .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  find an type_specifier over a qicon package so that the termination will be found .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in laguerre .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   content
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode lines with the given encoding .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  decode   strip
truth:  check   a

test:  execption a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  create a resource from a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to output streams to stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  to   use
truth:  replaces   a

test:  utility to return the remote repository name based on repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  guess   assert
truth:  apply   a

test:  return the relationship url for the given relationship .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  for testing .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  iterative out the given version information .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  validates   run
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the ifttt shutdown events to gh-pages events .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  used   snapshot
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of the names of the string .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter items that are in a dictionary with the value of range .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of files from the master config file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set float adjust option .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  float   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the line in a line .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of idle allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the system is composed of latest search .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape the given html with ampersands .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   matching
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get html certificates for the given course via the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  get   course
truth:  if   null

test:  run unit-tests on a task and write the status to its mime device .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a given api in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  test if an openstack exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the codename of the permission for the specified permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  handle the fixed ori function for processing .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  parse a python value or len compatible type .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  null   val
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns default pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  default   null
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches all deleted deleted for a given task .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register indexing content .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the default 'wal-prefetch' interface .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  render   a

test:  check the internal version of pip .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  find all drac files for a given filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  find   name
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a time in iso 8601 format to true .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  given   day

test:  test reading of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   preload
truth:  test   epochs

test:  convert plain snapshot into a flat tree .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns an array of standard sample size .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a null folder in a python datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  true if intag[ routines can be interpreted as a list of regexp .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  lazy variant of a deprecated .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return the vehicle/create class of old-style paths .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  standard boilerplate version .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts an entityid passed as the assure to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for filters on a paper page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  format the given metric command lines .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  algorithm   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate the given config .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  upload an object to an existing bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  builds a special order for the given repository_review for use in aside_types .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  fasta   calculate
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if advanced command runs without wal or later prefix .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  close   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return matrix to reflection point and normal point for reflection reflection stream .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   matrix

test:  creates a class instance containing a protobuf instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a python module from its source file .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a copy of the value passed to the dictionary .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a list of words that could be used as a list .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   repositories
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  compute the transform for two proxy objects .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   get
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return general shape for image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  return   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  check if a subject is a valid python subject .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve the complete backend for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  url   url

test:  main entry point .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  join   service
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  return the number of elemwise_kl() in a particular range .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a post test database .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  tests   editable

test:  check if a service is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  if   check
truth:  used   function

test:  translate a page into a one .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  link   one
truth:  null   one

test:  return the singleton for the given python cache .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check that a string is a valid rfc2822 .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  ensures   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic %}{% platform for a given assistant list .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a tuple of the django version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks whether all nodes are found in certain device .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for adding the state to track entity to .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a stim channel for use in testing .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  create   print
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  pad a list of numbers from each leading labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  pad   pad
truth:  draw   a

test:  convert a tkns value to tkns output .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return of the transparent transparent interface for the given code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  return   function
truth:  formats   formats

test:  do any file of the container .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  display prot_attrs color for setting templates .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case with an invariant invariant bound .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  is   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a list of file and return a list of .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of exploration answers explorations with the given state mapping .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a case of test case with those had tests .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test fiff .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  io   stc
truth:  io   io

test:  create a new estimators .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  compresses   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  read motif(s) from a jaspar file in one of several different jaspar .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  read   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the theme associated with the given path .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a merge for certificate scope .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   output
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   correct
truth:  move   move

test:  to .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  called   spam
truth:  null   docs

test:  test if a is a return if a is a b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively remove items from the given dict .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  set up a query string to be used for parsing with a battery battery .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  initialize python module if paths is not needed .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create the invitation linked to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the elementnodes of the first element in the range .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  user has allowed contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  request   check
truth:  if   check

test:  outline a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  export   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  reads the config copy of a config notification .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  evoked   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project form view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  fetches a blob from the given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a simple login handler for the media type .
truth: the media page . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  null   media

test:  returns a number of bytes string to a character string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the directory of the file .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return hex digest of the given secret body and version .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  yield off an uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  splits   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a list of changes to their original summary .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends a given resource to a temporary output .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  merge   return
truth:  save   stdout

test:  computes a set of args for binary .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int adds the space to x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parse user for a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  suspend suspend or asynchronous sinusoids to compute the specified number of bytes .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   message
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return the icon to be used for a modbus kwargs .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run the given command on the passed positional arguments .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a function that serves from the given environment group .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  write the configuration .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a flattened array that has non-zero .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  this function turns a paginator into a list of push objects for a paginator .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  takes   null

test:  load the adjusts forwarding a session and validation .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test inserting a problem does not cause an attributeerror .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  write the wabbit modules to the master .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  connect   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  parses an lot of a datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  if   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate exponential .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute that a list of files exist yet update the trees in the beets .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get utc system status from utc .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the corresponding volume id from the corresponding ec2 volume id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the data from a file called from a python instance to default data dir .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  create   create

test:  return the directory for this package is being created .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  starts and handle the equality for the given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that latex_to_png_dvipng image can be loaded .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  test for solving .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  add an user to the course using the course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  0kn laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  if the specified server is currently connected .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  to   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim build plugin <blame+upstream+committers+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  called if the importer an active template name exists .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verifies a certificate certificate by running the given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  downloads   certificate
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy network snapshot to snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  count   a
truth:  make   a

test:  gets exercised tests from testing .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  test   get
truth:  return   a

test:  clear the colon .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete the filesystem or raise an exception .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads rendition to which the data buffer was used .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  iuploader   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  get the simple version of a python version .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a message from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename user .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   nodes
truth:  rename   a

test:  write worksheet rules to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   rules
truth:  write   null

test:  produce a function to return a certain backend .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  utf-8   return
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively wrapper for deprecated functions .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports a alias function based on the string or driver name .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   class

test:  find the value of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  median confidence profile from a numpy array assumes that the input is equivalent and 2 .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  return   a

test:  test that installing a vcs method can score alternatives to a previously obtained from vcs endpoints .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allocate a new random to the given new access to the given user .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test the javascript image store .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  to   options
truth:  run   run

test:  convert an email exam as a exit task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns true if path is a unsaved>'length strings .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given vector to a given image .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  add   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unzip a list of functions and add them to the couchdb .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  reorder area area parameters x: tensor or n x : array-like the activation function of an aws variable .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  compute   area

test:  the strong element in the css way .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decode all cones in a and convert the url to unicode values .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  print a normal message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge two dicts together similar to a mapping .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  merge   program
truth:  null   null

test:  find the json declares function .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the end of the current history from the cursor to the end model .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   history
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a "resolution for an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  content   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  for a given domain .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize a url by setting the public interface .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape the given html escape .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  return the string wrapped by the given element .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the percentage of infinite lock .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse given string or file-like object into an aware tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  if   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  check we can construct a single table from the qt table .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  check   test
truth:  pull   pull

test:  uses python module to make an object is not exclude .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  null   str
truth:  import   a

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder for a single path .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the named service exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   like
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set the default color of the original color parameters .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   response
truth:  set   set

test:  context manager to set shipping order .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  context   null
truth:  default   default

test:  checks that the given object is unequal correctly .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the current time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   system

test:  convert xml string into an object .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  string   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  test if a user is html outbox outbox .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when a byte string is needed to convert .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  content   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that does nothing .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return a base64-encoded hash .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return an http client authenticated with a sequential client .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  take   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  list version of version of key .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sorting   url
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a list of javascript for use in javascript tags .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a single set .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns information about a specific config object .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the host url matches the mne host and checks if the form is the same host or first .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disable the test by setting the untrusted to sys .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  set   status

test:  convert rate rate to a string or float value .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the entire file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create the removes removes all of the given target name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class for the given signal .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the layer by the procedure string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  convert an data infront object(s) to an data type .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  given an image .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  print style style for document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  install a feature args: feature : the feature to which to install image : the feature to be used to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  convert a backwards into an undefined instance .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the sysfs device by id .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  trim all valid variables in front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  resolve a list of ros names to ros overrides with ros ones .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  resolve   names
truth:  name   resolver

test:  return a number from an proper identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the project filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   function
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns html document of a request .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the given hsp .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  renames   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get new profile .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   details
truth:  get   get

test:  replace characters in a string .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  generate some more than 2 .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  score   one
truth:  return   a

test:  find the user after a: .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  find   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  get a url to the current anchor .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   figure
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from hls pattern .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  backwards a list of js status .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  creates a new instance of the require_version loop in a local feature .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the path for which the objects are included by the given path .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a whether a given guest state is shared to the fact .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  access   access

test:  return true if the given object is passed to one class .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  write the creation of all the irc .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  content   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function used when new signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  form   handle
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple function for testing function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   relu

test:  see if all objects are assigned for the given model .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  if   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  return rgb rgb values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  return   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  add a file system path to the final directory args: path : .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  splits   depth
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent the indent of a string for use with spaces .
truth: indent text . 
test:  eliminates   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a dictionary of locale details .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template template template name .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   token
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current settings object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  returns the url for an absolute site scheme .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an image file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  run current nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  run   a
truth:  set   nginx

test:  list all urls found in a kb resource name - id - able to list a scan - able to the kb id - able to list of: - scan
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   info
truth:  list   list

test:  release artists for an artists .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  release   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around json .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the path is a special device we will try to get the owner .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  require   a

test:  gets index value for a index which a given value is not equal .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  index   resize
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  deprecated: the direct_declarator class for the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  password   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  setup the given setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  get all vsphere property associated with the specified container .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a sudo token from a provided host+username+password .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision directory .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: env-script this plugin allows you to define a jenkins jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy if there is a command line .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:float .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the 'connectivity' :data -- recursively .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  generates   algorithm
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  list all an event on the request .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute correlation between two 2-dimensional .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   system
truth:  save   null

test:  use the given string .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  simulates a single module for requesting the requesting module .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if data that can be updated .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   github
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the model class of the given name .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return a single transfer from a series of second-order sections parameters sos : array_like array without sections but points .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  link to a document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  fail   a
truth:  share   share

test:  escape single validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  process   process

test:  test whether a string is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder needed .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  mx hosts to a string with an transport symbol .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   transport

test:  return a single autotest binary file .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  normalise   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check that the image exists for this image .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the induction m term .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all yield n lines from a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the value of a specific logger .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   a

test:  setup the mapper .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   return
truth:  null   alternative

test:  search and search for the given file .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  search   up
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests to document endpoints .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the md5 hash of a string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  hash   packages
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  ancillary start with several basis .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure delete with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace addresses with a service .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  replace   email
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert any value to a string or default format .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  process zones .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  :class:downloads3key an handed with the standard normal distribution .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   space

test:  extract parameters and remove from things that are present in a request .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  extract   handler
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class from a threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an object .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  given a string representing a model name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  get the path of a loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   query
truth:  get   portion

test:  use the incoming password after a password hash .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  increment   service
truth:  to   tests

test:  declared declared .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  store   a

test:  helper function to convert a single array to the x .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  splits a named host into its string .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  replace   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  requests to have instructor identified by a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   method

test:  this is a silly getting fails .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  is   function
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an instance of the most recent synchronize object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  merge nasty dataset .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a valid route which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of the string s with camelcase whitespace removed .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the absolute type to a substring in order .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a dict .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  given   user
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  formats the version string according to the rfc1123 profile .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  checks api to use for matplotlib api service .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  checks   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list containers .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  testing terms of f from f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  signal   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a network to the parameters of the specified layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   zpool
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  make a new ca tree .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  handle the signal from given view function .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  start   function
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns a dict from the provided service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate to the inverse of the current value given the inverse list .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  generates a binary string of a given base32 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container to the internal moving average in a local object .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  control   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data with data loaded .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  update the given tenant so it .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the current time in integer .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of unique constraints .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  canonicalize the string in a python string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  split   whitespace
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  convert items or a __loader__ array to their position based on the tuple returned by rand_structure() .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  gets the collection for a textual response .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the retrieve entry for the completed entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   group
truth:  add   add

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   uninstall
truth:  halt   null

test:  return the sample matrix in sample_id_map format .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  display   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if this table matches a string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  if   find
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the disk size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a bson string to fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   utility

test:  find and add a request to the server .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  email   email

test:  just here .
truth: prints b . 
test:  orphaned   print
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post adapter .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  returns true if filename is a valid python framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   framework

test:  used internally when the response objects are set .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  used   configuration
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the singular bit from the dataset .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  computes   null

test:  decodes a constant value .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  cut   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a named video .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   maps
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return a table based on the passed value to the datastore .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  dataframe   discussion
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   const

test:  compute a unique log log log log probabilities .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of audio devices of the audio model .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize sum .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  position must have same mode as arrays .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  combine   position
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  testing we dont use various versions that are compiled imports .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in a offline based on chain_path .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert the characters in text to "'>" by their own expression; .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove specified user from the specified comment .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  send a given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  send   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convert a arg: .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app with the given configuration and restart the given rendered app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  update   install
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  create the website .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  bilinear to keep theory in order .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   accuracy
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return info about the specified service .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  make message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   error
truth:  error   error

test:  match an value using a valid expression .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  match   strip
truth:  value   value

test:  evening image data and return exif data .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  upgrade   return
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a json serialization with the spb device name .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  the overrides the javascript file object in the v2 this will not be used to install the ui files to a cleaner server .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   up
truth:  to   access

test:  creating a new tests .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a theano polynomial into a theano matrix .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  split   packets
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the quantity system works correctly .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given one service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  return a name of the state functions .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create and return a list of entrypoint .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  we have to specify the user this page .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  loop to open a duration .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loop   up
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get a document for a given document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the item is purpose .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  allows   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   picks
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a notification setting .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  fixtures   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the reciprocal of an array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  indices   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all query that match zero or more resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a connection to the connection .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   names
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns true if the graph is assert .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a text string .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  assert username/password error was returned by load_strings() and that the last line was found .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   error
truth:  assert   assert

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that returns a enumval parameter and will be used internally .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  call sysfs with bcache dev .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wamp event handlers .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  make sure that user can complete statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  make   null
truth:  string   string

test:  gets the items about a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  gets   whitespace
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with string replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return a list of strings as a list of strings as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  kill the event for the specified resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns the number of keys in a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of all items in the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of subscribers[operation] .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  given   a
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their trash when they dont have a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for the named user .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  imports a module name from a string like: cpu items .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   a

test:  calculates the module name of the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute adjacency distance between distances and crossentropy .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  decode   binary
truth:  return   return

test:  requests an encoded response in the 304 page .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   figure
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* components in a list of individuals .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns binary images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  return   load
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a new .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a single notification of a post notification messages .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  extract   delete
truth:  process   process

test:  svm_load_model -> model load a model from model_file_name and return the name of the model which can load all the model to the model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  build sphinx documentation in an html document format .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   convert
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for joyent configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a list of paths and open the response .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  performs   a

test:  creates an element in the datastore to be ignored .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test clean up everything specified by vcs command .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build file options .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiates a tensor or returns none .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  incoming   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like init() .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  interprets   json
truth:  import   a

test:  given a parameter .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  given   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  build a template config file .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  checks if the lc_messages is available .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  get   show
truth:  test   html

test:  return a console instance corresponding to colas dicts .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function with the bloggerexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given bytestring .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  tag   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the file description of the cloexec to fit .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  formats a string into a string and applying it .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  builds   generate
truth:  encode   encode

test:  waits for the user to choose author .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a given array in spyder/widgets/variableexplorer/utils/monitor to maintain its degree .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  read the record data as a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   shortcut
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of things for a given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test if the cuda decorator is still handled by cuda .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  test   test

test:  updates the users users to be logged in admin fields .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  read the data from the given file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return a list of volumes from a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user system user all operations should be performed on behalf of the user to connect
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get new data passed to the path with initial minute .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   function
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a string or return a keyname .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return true if volumes joined to a project has admin same .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  move to the cursor through the cursor to the end of the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  insert   history
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces instances like utf-8 .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  union   function
truth:  base64   base64

test:  return a required server required by the options .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  return   find
truth:  function   function

test:  make an status object into json .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  clean alarm and ~user fcm .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  clean   find
truth:  given   a

test:  return common diff value for an xhtml instance .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all images designed to a list of instance .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  download unique id for the given cache .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  waits for a given request to become available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  note   note

test:  check that location can be fixed as expected .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  process   test
truth:  function   function

test:  apply a branch to ccx heller .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  split connection headers in a dict of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this is a wrapper function .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  to return the text strings within an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with bad chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  do a completion completion for a specific command .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  do   test
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse the ordereddict or password values .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  prints the core representation of the builtins given an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  return the flag to be empty for the user .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return proper bytes from char or string .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a byte array as an xml document .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get all volumes in the specified volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the scenario/create print token .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  set organization and functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  read a double generated file as a base64 encoded string .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  read   strips
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  encodes execution of given section of execution .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  accepts   function
truth:  null   method

test:  replace all of the standard patch sockets (calls every other account in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all dereferenced receivers to the given signal from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  same as a 1 .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if video is found in the video .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  the grains from all the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  null   groups
truth:  get   get

test:  get the y with each component the point .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the keyboard value of the named user .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  make sure that showing a service is running in the system .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   windows

test:  estimate the test data mesh .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  get the line number of the line that has line number in the database .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete an updated port on a file and execute it .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  ftp version of a tensor .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  assumes   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a list of random data .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines if a file in the directory of a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g consists a groebner of the channel .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  can we have multiple classes .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  test the same image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  return a list of status .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  return   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a unique folder for the specified package and init it to get a rope .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a python header as quoted-printable encoding into python 2 .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  the validator operation .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   validation

test:  check if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print the current exception and obtained by the given message .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  get a dict with a scheduled_at summary .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the template string rendered for rendering diffs .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  render   a

test:  mark policy for the specified policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  csv a string that contains csv by various lines .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  simulates   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark a traffic server on the given name .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  display   display

test:  redirect the redirect to this file .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  process   method
truth:  if   check

test:  if tan is currently pretty function .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  if   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get triangle mesh by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  push the given temporary file on the specified filepath and temporary directory .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  push   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initializes the duration of a specific service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  initializes   use
truth:  get   a

test:  get the status of a dsc installation .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  list all the chunks in a set of sequences .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  list   list
truth:  sort   sort

test:  encode an html snippet so we can underscores in a python 3 .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  train data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  train   load
truth:  load   load

test:  register a function or check class as a matrix .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all the filtering filtering of a given peak .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   string
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for all of the studio page number .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   page
truth:  return   return

test:  write all messages from .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  content   returns
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to rebuild a new affiliates-role for a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a scene bootstrap_field_ .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr tfr transform for useless transform .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return the top source of the two lists .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the files for a certain window .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  parameteric is an initialization post_delete redirect .
truth: given a request . 
test:  receive   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  save printed to generate json file .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given a dictionary of supported langs[lang] .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of all testsuites inside a given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of loaded link to the tinymce apps .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  null   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate the list of cython events and store n to be used for testing events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  function takes in arbitrary etc only works if not a list of bounds .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  check if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unmount a show sqlite .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  if   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads multiple and high and returns the corresponding documentation for the current python wrapper .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  only run a function to invoke the values .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   decorator

test:  get and returns a private key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  convers the given clock string to a nested clock .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  string   wrapper
truth:  format   date

test:  list of all available links .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  if   asserts
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of pillar that will be run .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  push   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset template .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  view   view

test:  regexp an http or a source file .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  has   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  generate a color list .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  color   names

test:  check the a clip for a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert a strong string to a list of hex strings .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new document .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given an expression of the quantum + id= .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   returns
truth:  applies   null

test:  return true if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cursor from the cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  start a local worker in a temporary task .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   response
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns true if any element of a utility function satisfies the sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of up to limit pre-processed entries from file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  find   file
truth:  print   up

test:  calculate the list of corner in a single string .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the list of data retrieved from the bootstrap header .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  return   function
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a data structure describing all of the given path to the cache backend .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for course reruns .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any additional command line from a python function .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  remove   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  test querying functions using callable methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  left   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of this user has required for the course that are required for the course add-on .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  multiply two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   return
truth:  raise   f

test:  updating signal when an user is created .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  works like libc .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  calculates   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  finalize for a callback .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  null   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the driver instance for the passed provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  give give a user to the course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  locate   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  butterworth digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about condition i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the multivariate rotation rotation key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   rest
truth:  get   status

test:  create a reference to an existing set of keys .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  attribute   reset
truth:  function   function

test:  merge two sorted objects .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  check things .
truth: login to router . 
test:  filter   check
truth:  to   login

test:  convert a input value to a return .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  bytes   way
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  constructs   jobs
truth:  try   a

test:  creates the color and returns a specialized color .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  return   download
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  checks   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the path to the directory that will be read from .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event cache object .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this makes sure that a file exists .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the common ipython key that should be assigned to common created .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking tests and an exception type .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a 'db integer to an integer or raise .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  converts   exit
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  process an index graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  process   show
truth:  display   a

test:  return an imdb string for the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that ax=b between two rows and tic .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper to return parameter in modifier jinja parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  returns a parsed text from the parsed text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the testfailed address? that contains two elements in the interval .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  changes   add
truth:  null   a

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  context manager to log a given log for a given step .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  context   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a reference string and a list of dicts .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a unique name .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   reload
truth:  return   return

test:  return the names and default values .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  format the given number in bytes .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  format   return
truth:  file   file

test:  convert a dictionary into its mime class value .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve a named vm .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  retrieve   info
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect for setting that processes username .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  username   get
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   dataset
truth:  databook   returns

test:  produce the edge in rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  request   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup the index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  get   log
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from the database .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address of the median headers for use in the dirnames/filenames .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  normalize the next position of arbitrary assistant of x .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a template loaders with an array of ns loaders can be work .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  calling   up
truth:  changes   django

test:  given a list of exprexpr .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the presence of a swarm .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  user add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   equity
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if this line can be used with one .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a flush for an request .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   task

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  handle the value into an object .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  link to the end of the cursor .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  helper to create an xml representation of a tuple .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  collects a vm session by applying a manually instance on the sessions session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  to   works
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  a colon that does not match the given exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  exception   arguments
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return leaf ascii tree for indexing answers - a leaf tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  string   array
truth:  apply   functions

test:  test that an error is raised if the table has wrong data .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a number of samples from a small byte string .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  count   count

test:  return the time in the portage portion of the portage state .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  close   get
truth:  object   object

test:  test for equality .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on specified slaves and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and return a unique instance of type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the value
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  execute an twisted result in a thread .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  execute   generate
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert the acquire list to the given dict and its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  pull context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  context   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  given a string of pointers conversions .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  grab alignment sequence and return target sequence .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash with right deterministically raise an empty plugin .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns common config file for complete config file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial u'rgridsonlydefinedforpolaraxes' of a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given actions have installed .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  call text .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if and only contains a given class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file in minimum format from filename .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  iterate   data
truth:  null   strings

test:  remove several dependencies of the config file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  append   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the language contenttype language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  create a carving for a given file name .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  events page: displays all events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   page
truth:  null   events

test:  create an http response from an type .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test if a specific extension is installed cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  if   test
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free factorial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert seconds to cpu .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  decodes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  reads string to offset .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  depart document generator block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial workers in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  provide a test data structure for the tool dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  build   build

test:  s3 an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the amount of multipolar elements in an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  return the spatial image from the given inset image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named value .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add external dataverse and serves settings .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   information
truth:  verifies   new

test:  return used to measure .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  validate the data with the provided datastore .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  password   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand an instance of an object .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  go   return
truth:  get   a

test:  determine the default class name for a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  set   set

test:  reads a conversion or more file from a list of changed failed .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  get   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is a valid regex name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  creates a new graph that first document from the graph .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  add a single package as an selinux resource name : the version of the package to be installed before the package .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  add   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents attribute modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  format color color with the given string and returns a tuple of dicts .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a replication replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text to the read repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write the contents of a file to a list of strings .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  download   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get joined other loop from loop .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find all files with the typename .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given time has been downloaded .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  compute mean of the coefficient distribution .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  mean   one
truth:  computes   null

test:  return default sine function for p-value .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  destroys pairwise pairwise callable function .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  installs a single link to links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  incoming   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an defaults and along with the specified project .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  override a blob from the local stub key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   metadata

test:  build the ansi rgb color for the project .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return basic auth authentication for medadata .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   http

test:  output you want to render a json object .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  render   render

test:  trim prefix uses t(a .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  prefix   create
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device allocated to instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string with a a1 path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  get an instance of a dict .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a binary mask with any line that can be out of the non-whitespace filesystem .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory that has been previously setup .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  custom test configuration will only be used when the configuration has changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  fixture   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a celery macro records .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  this is a list of dictionaries containing servers and a list of ip addresses .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  is   parse
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  sampling module atom requests endpoints .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  null   move
truth:  null   a

test:  register running essentially with the given name .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that adds the command-line tree to the django template installed when the django python installation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  test for the pids for a process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  if   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  get a code indicating a comment status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  get   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean absolute error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return github controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of listeners listeners .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a inf .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  return   boolean
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an action is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   converts
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for skipping test for test suite .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   new
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the name of the given document and name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  a context manager for computing the flags that use a .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  change   change
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or false if the event source is false .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  room a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  close   a

test:  get output from line .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  get   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the pearson function at x .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a device and extract an local device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  doing   pattern
truth:  matches   device

test:  test irreducibility of command .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  stores the links to a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  renames   link
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  ensures that a immediate parameter parameter parameter is one or more documents .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  ensures   function
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the value of an error is raised when the range of a wrong range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   error
truth:  null   difference

test:  a newline leaf .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  if   intersections
truth:  set   set

test:  given a vm that represents a vbd record .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  given   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  dynamically imports using all attribute .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make a service in the system .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   windows

test:  until a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  check the weights for an array .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the name of a group group group group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get an orm instance back to the orm instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   find
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load data from all returners in an specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   services

test:  check if the user is currently configured .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  ensure the script is needed .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  tests   wrap
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  make sure the files exist and make sure the path is valid .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if the given clause is present in the list .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the base directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  return   file
truth:  ensure   null

test:  minimal configuration in the 'logger' app .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the conch to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   error
truth:  get   a

test:  open an exception with the given parent .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   function
truth:  open   open

test:  n346 - dont use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  start chaining .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  start   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse <span parameters in the output file .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  add a page into a page .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  get an event_source dictionary with the given mode .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  unlock waiting should be called in the entire python source and check if an updated environment is expected .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  null   toggle
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return drive free .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   drive
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an required reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  routing   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the specified child field can be assigned to the specified block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   user
truth:  set   user

test:  creates the directory for parent directories in the parent directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  api: dispatcher for uninstalling conflict .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  source   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  tests if the module loads statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  to   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  make a value for a images .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  make   create
truth:  builds   null

test:  read value from a way into a standardized way .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   change
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  see guard doesnt see guard doesnt choke developers .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  get the currently set .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of vms names this machine .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a numpy array is angsep and a angular window .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a qrectf object to a string .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the test data directory .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   accept
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot style .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  removes previous metadata from the completely transcripts .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  child process for the number of slice n x .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  contact add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for signed docdict to ignore multiple documents .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  used   calls
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  mark a user as a dictionary .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  delete   handler
truth:  unsets   a

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  setup the resource view across a list of models into the appropriate resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  embed   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review description .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  review   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the paragraph text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pidlockfile object that contains similar to the scenario .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the node that are not been registered .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates data in site_config .
truth: create a role . 
test:  updates   configuration
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a user to add another user and displays it to the user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show all the users incrontab .
truth: print help message . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  help   help

test:  statement name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  name   name
truth:  null   number

test:  loads a module namespace from a module namespace .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  return boot environment information .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  search a sysfs search .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return parts .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a new edge-based method for an existing elastic one .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the relative distance of a and b to a .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  set   set
truth:  measures   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get all flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a child base node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city city .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  create a temporary directory that is cleaned up on the database .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  event: return an open call to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  called   add
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for views which require user to log .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  url   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  check the predictions of a single vector .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  color   integer
truth:  compute   compute

test:  event database to be sent or db .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  db   a
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a remote index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  running   null
truth:  index   index

test:  decodes a hex string to hex .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  list all users that have the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   users

test:  returns an document and initialize class containing all profile objects .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  null   new
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random global identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  inject coursetalk .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   params

test:  we get here for a :class: .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  used   a
truth:  called   null

test:  run the given parse of the given arguments .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   handles
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the currently supported network device cli example: .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the function used to convert argument to the operation .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  extract the list of dicts that match the given codeassistproposals .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a collection of target .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add an object to an existing list of http requests .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  source   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  copies everything contained in both cascading upload and upload to another .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a binary string representing a given delimiters type .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  given   return
truth:  find   element

test:  recursively collections lists of tensors .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  install   a
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  convert the given object to a datetime tuple .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  is   calculate
truth:  if   null

test:  reads an %} truncate from the blob pooler .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  decodes   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  this is a list of dicts representing pending tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  is   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph in the graph of each node in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attach all the provider tags to a jinja filter .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a default set of members with a default set of members .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  gets a migration instance from the given migration name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  updates all the empty stats in the database .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get the polynomial of :class:i18nstore in the polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  list   return
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  usage: lx n5103060 widget to be imported .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  install   install

test:  main method to unquotes and cases for a script .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  to   target
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this include modules when a worker start .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  return the argument value for a given python tensor .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  return   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on openbsd .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a value for the supplied object .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  see get_jobs() can be running .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  see   run
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a default config dictionary .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  help   help

test:  sort the recurrence .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  sort   dictionary
truth:  null   items

test:  decorate current user and backend component .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  endpoint   user
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the partition keywords to print out for a partition .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize decorator to cause a function to their available parameters x: : - memoized value .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  memoize   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to override your view classes .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  very javascript to embed the embedding signal with a javascript .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  using   a
truth:  return   html

test:  extracts all of the elements that match messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find an executable file by a given path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  view   function
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  resolve image to the specified image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  detach   image
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if the given directory exists within the virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  save worksheet in string-like mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  index   pyexcelerate
truth:  run   run

test:  find the leading events of type mlp .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  capture the minion from the minion .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a raw grafts to a list of raw parents .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the region name for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  confirm doctypes can be an website website .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  patch   patch

test:  un-pause containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  null   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  custom retrlines callback which returns true if the request controller @todo: allow easy to view depending on the current app .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  point   try
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a transformation to an coil_trans that is acceptable .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  parse cuda compute the value from a value .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin shows the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sonatype plugin <jdepend+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  accept   enquiry
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  similar to attributes .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check for [shell is installed on android .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns true if team is installed .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a password string into a byte string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets an metric metrics by name in the config record .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  gets   metric
truth:  change   change

test:  yield a list of all locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   locale
truth:  does   null

test:  put the unix request on the (!) request stack for windows only ever reading config .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate a unique user id for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   a

test:  fake a series of an event button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  func   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a list of integers and preserves the user choose from 1s if it was sorted .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  is   a
truth:  search   search

test:  support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   support
truth:  check   check

test:  get the power location between campaign and end .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a new message in the database .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a python value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  performs the homebrew master and return rows as a dictionary .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  installed   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compares the different files for all git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable the jquery animations animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   calls
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step rules representing the beginning of the given matrix .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  return a list of diff for the given family .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  extract   sets
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert the network node to a new model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  store   square
truth:  model   model

test:  parses a string to a json object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   json

test:  view access to giving an image .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  backend   a
truth:  call   call

test:  convert a phone index so that its fully build .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  server   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  parse one or more ports ports into another option .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  converts   date
truth:  to   callback

test:  compile the user info in production code .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator: automatically render the property name .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  download download the current record .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   a
truth:  update   update

test:  remove closed issues from all closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  replace   one
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that x is initialized correctly .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   ticket

test:  register the handy and add to the next page .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  to   fix
truth:  null   a

test:  clone the snapshot of the given zone from the system .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  install   a

test:  checks if microversion collection is changed and returns whether test has the given version .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  if   a
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a progression letter list from a single page .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send the students page to a new course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  create a default model input for relative to the user input .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  return a string representing a valid diff .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  return   pause
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for seconds .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   convert
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  calculate the rabin-miller of explicit 3 such that last tic .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   basis

test:  pow lowering + g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  update an error response for a tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  update   integer
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if twisted and boto are installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   load
truth:  require   null

test:  return the path to the oauth2 tarball that would exist .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make the relevant metric from the given dictionaries .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  truncate the html file at given content and return the given content .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  fasta   read
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate the boundaries function at the location of shape given the original list of inputs .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check if an array is compatible format .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the maximum segments from begin .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration configuration returns the opengl configuration file .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  null   data
truth:  -   -

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a test1 .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   null

test:  check the works on a random location of the empty filesystem-safe header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  parsing   test
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  this is called in the "hubble" script we get its a prerequisites .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  point   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get a python backend name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  guess a cache .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  to   handler
truth:  called   null

test:  test that a bad error is not a float .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  check   length

test:  perform a request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  send   try
truth:  mark   a

test:  like _simplesizer except for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the certificate certificate or raises an exception if request is not specified .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  request   request

test:  get the erroroninsteon switch .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  get   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the conf_file graph that contains the given package or down .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  add   add

test:  double : simple_stmt expr | expr minus double expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | double expr ne .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a observed string by rfc cribbed into a python long .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return constructor for normality parameters data : array-like input object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  returns true if arg is unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to return a single sysctl value for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the weights of the given matrix .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   stub
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  visit the users number of image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  access   compute
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check the after a single column .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  this splits a local down as a cookie value string .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a set of all the images with an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a [str] .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   transform
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get and return a list of dicts .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterable of refs that the given key should be a repository for the indicated date .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  enable pep8 on all objects that have been enabled .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  color   enable
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run the residual class in this module .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the object is a specific method container parent object .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   find

test:  create a wav from component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  download   commands
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full tables or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string representation to hex int representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   camel
truth:  hex   hex

test:  return the date .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns data from json serialization .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  convert an element or list of schemas to schema .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a blob from .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the creds for a tenant_id and network association .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  get   state

test:  given a list of inputs .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros 0 to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent text with an html prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  the user should call this to build and xml .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json activity activity activity for matching changes .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a service that uses servicepair for testing points .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detect the 'browser' version of 'browser' .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over the shape of the given series of items .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  iterate   return
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the a mailcap header .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  build an api client for repository .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  compute the euler expansion of a rational function .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  module   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function converts a simple namedtuple to a cluster .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split a file into their own copy .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  array   set
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns a string from the given array of disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  applies   load
truth:  determine   null

test:  assist a dictionary to a lists .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  assist   entities
truth:  push   element

test:  set the fingerprint to the database .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  wraps   lines
truth:  get   get

test:  find memory chunks in |chunks| from their database .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  find   find
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find all files in a given directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  find   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  helper to get in a numeric instance from an implementation file .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  adds the given python object to json .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  capture a mongodb resource name by the given cookie and a subclass name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  process   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  if one graph is just a random number .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  if   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper for request - i think url if the request is well .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return package name as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate url for urls .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  convert data to a timestamp string .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the list of visible courses access user with the given key .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factors of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of bytes from the 0row backend .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep a running system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   sleep
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install the given future code .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   install

test:  gets the first available node name for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  gets   elementwise
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the home directory .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   test
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  initialize   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  view load for bad channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   existence
truth:  test   existence

test:  provide alias for an arbitrary python object .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  convert a single axis list to the undirected format .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  include   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the sort of indexes for each sort of label .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  make sure we can count a compiled re .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  make   get
truth:  null   ^

test:  return colormap used for given rotation .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the next state with all the given node queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  builds   add
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  make sure the expression is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  make   reimplementation
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata type value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  if table is an imap4 .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a yaml stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get all registered admin instance type func .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  usage: bzr bzr .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   number
truth:  if   null

test:  convert the datetime into a dict .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  construct a visual value for the specified value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  default dashboard .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install an environment variable for the current request .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default props[u'linelength'] matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checking the expr has been rewritten using f -> f(x) .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checking   error
truth:  error   error

test:  similar to summaries .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  read binary 2 .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  read   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  parse request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in the correct vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  create a storagepool instance .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the cli tool for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the main entry point for the domain .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load only on use of valid detector detector files from python 3 .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   test
truth:  loads   a

test:  scenario can have a description .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  is   description
truth:  null   description

test:  print text and return empty string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid getxy .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find and return the numerical path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that timezone-aware can be loaded .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   loop
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a evil_member .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css classes from css class classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return unicode representation of the given expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  return   edit
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  test if sparse results have the same results as expected .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  if   isolation
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add an aggregate to the given host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  find the schema plugins associated with the given config file .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the whitespace for .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  null   split
truth:  make   null

test:  create a resource event handler .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  null   request
truth:  enable   a

test:  convert a dict to an int .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  saves the annotation file to the filename .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  read   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   information
truth:  create   a

test:  close the given script to a file this function is called on disk .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  close   a
truth:  source   a

test:  join a prefix and domain location based on url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   wrapper
truth:  url   url

test:  like ansi .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  like   data
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  if   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  ensures the html notification of the new instance .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name from the list of a python encoding .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a from the supplied title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks for html .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  text   text

test:  function that performs server upgrade or update values .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   call
truth:  add   race

test:  checks if the user is logged in a x-api-key .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  checks   depth
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fits of items of an rectified dominated .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   version
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  decorate the memoize function so that it is not required to keep memoize value .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute and validate targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   parses
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  a simple license or fcm .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  returns   mark
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  generate the sequence for forward surface .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  indices   compute
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  validate the random number generator .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file extension are not stored .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  basic a single status .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the given runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape special characters from a string with spaces .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  get a mysql user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the replication role is json .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  if   source
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns an xml string from an xml .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  process   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  retrieve the full filename .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  null   validator

test:  report the current transaction .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert dtype to stata types .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  convert   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  handle a medias audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  push   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  takes a course section and splits it to an image .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  takes   copies
truth:  provide   data

test:  returns the reciprocal of array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   autocovariance
truth:  regularized   null

test:  return the column according to column .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a list of backup strings to a key/value pair .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  returns   entities

test:  list the image references and place them into a local url .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  null   generic

test:  make a leaf tree containing a tree containing the tree *stream_name* conditions .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  create and return https https url in github api endpoint .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  unescape   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the 180 url of the server manager webapp timeout : url of the server manager webapp prefix: : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  compose   details
truth:  find   memory

test:  returns the class object for a class .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  print expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validate the provided config dictionary .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test _get_search_url() from things that gets called from different extension .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  the mandatory database settings for the current request .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   a
truth:  exists   exists

test:  the reverse function .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  like 5 .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  like   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter for undefined .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   up
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts the specified output matches exactly the specified path matching the argument matches exactly the specified path specified .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  change the version of the docker version cli example: .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of github blocks .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  visit document visit visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   convenience
truth:  document   document

test:  builds a new random state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  push   up
truth:  set   set

test:  get the credit user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  use the indented code tag .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a reshape figure to a new blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dimshuffle dependencies .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert data to unpickle form .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that should not return one .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  cache-ing version of scipy .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  decode a string to a single space from serious .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  decode   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a user is visible to be an admin user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  logs a celery bar .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  null   task

test:  a simple wrapper around the second image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  capitalize   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return all available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   product
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a time representation to an imf-fixdate .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   attempts
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loops from nested loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  run run a new command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  password change to cloudtrail a user .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  password   change
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reconstruct correlation matrix for var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  loads a flocker temp file and then fork processes the branch was returned by the function .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this function counts the current token that a line break .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a 'rhel-' or not .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  get a logical group id from the given preference .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil file to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   djangos
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the running tests with an operating timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager to construct a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  gets all featured exploration summary of a python exploration objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the fully-qualified cache based on each cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  get   function
truth:  reads   null

test:  that make sure still be called in an idmapper process .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  is   null

test:  qingcloud the current curve in the video .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the list of resource names .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   a

test:  convert image bytes to a binary record .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  reads   null

test:  return the databases to a tablespace server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  updates   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  filters out enrollment .
truth: main function . 
test:  string   null
truth:  function   function

test:  drop drop between a necessary string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a single string .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup the vm in blending import system .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   projection

test:  return data .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the precedence size of a particular type .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return the default time zone as integer .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   run
truth:  default   default

test:  view for extensions .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   information
truth:  view   view

test:  create a task with a new assume name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name and project from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the file name .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup all logging calls .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   call
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and add .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default object from the provided file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  manages the communication between this future and the block .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  manages   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  computes the strict dependencies of a somewhat or milliseconds since last modification of merchant definitions .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  computes   mackinnons
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: set wrapper for the jenkins branching .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify the transport .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the autocorrelations decomposition of two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a remote server on the provided host with provided info .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  perform   sync
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns key descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the data for the specified key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  rebuild all changed form either changed or the state .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  to   try

test:  list all languages .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course for saved script .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  return the directory where path is contained .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  return   user

test:  list public blocks with one or more available blocks .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  compile   get
truth:  list   list

test:  download and extract dataset from alexs website .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   a
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if the object is array-like .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renames printing the stream thread .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  entries   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  returns variable store variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  training   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the sha1 hash and return its sha1 .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  given   a

test:  given a srs object .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the arguments parameters in tuple = sql server .
truth: return a window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return verbose dtype for multiple times .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  performs   null

test:  load a function as a non transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  null   method
truth:  set   set

test:  return a integration hash for a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   commands
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  solves the equation equation equation using the equation equation .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   regression
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a small list of all the currently installed formatting .
truth: print this help . 
test:  prints   display
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the spm to the spm name based on an plugins .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   null
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to the same arguments as backend_name .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  get the region name that is regions according to the specified country code for a specific country code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  provide provide alignment models .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  alignment   generate
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a string for use in a cookie header .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  applies   function
truth:  null   a

test:  return the number of hosts in a graph .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  a generator for installrequirement values that are the same type as parameter .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return an instance of atom containing one instance of the atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve linear objects for the resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate and return a log value for option of type choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to json .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a async from model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  the linear sequence .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the configuration .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  getting   stop
truth:  null   null

test:  return the first word of the array .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  decode   html
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   values
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the node for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   projects
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date as the result according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  parses and set a user headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the attributedictionarykey .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the list of messages .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a string representing the current time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  checks if user has completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets application from given image .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  parsing   return
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the guest view is not readable .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security_group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a set of variables .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of names .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the calculate stats between a single order of a single order .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   method
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns organizations instance containing organizations config .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   element
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return return inverse link from axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return known configuration for certain minion .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  known   runs
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  get config and create paths parent directory .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  accepts an artist .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  accepts   reading
truth:  input   input

test:  init configuration in build configuration directory .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the list of objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of dict interfaces and their component .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator that checks that the user has permission to have permission .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  formats a power specification given a file or integer power power of a power power .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   checker
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete all the version in the table .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  predict   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set current fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects to the page .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  least the given .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  ignore   s
truth:  writes   a

test:  pdf of an grayscale cholesky at x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  find   return
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  concatenates linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  drop   matches
truth:  divide   one

test:  drop the dictionary and update .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  drop   run
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of namedtuples for annotation-list .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  null   a

test:  safely delete a file or directory for a given path .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  parseauthorization : drill .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   new
truth:  checked   create

test:  join string in soo .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   encodes
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a new word made to see which the strings in exc_class without having to produce the given word .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  returns a list of dhcp options for an dhcp .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  retrieves   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg kegg outside options - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  get   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  return the fileserver backend of the named sources cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a kernel parameter to the default infer_numeric_types .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  if   a
truth:  require   null

test:  the decorated function .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  null   method
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a file exists a directory path is a read filename .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  method update an autoscaler with the given values .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  update   update

test:  read the webapp source code from a renewal config file .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  read   check
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table using 'a'] mask .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  this function is used to including this process from this process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  gets the list of avatar documents containing the users log describing the users log lines .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a gpg object from the system .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of available postgresql available for the specified package .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  return the number of leading lines .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   number

test:  is this a calculation iterable? .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs and redirects to azure script .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   sign
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints schemes view for gitweb .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  base   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adding various 'sector to each multi table .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a class or none class this function can be used in the database .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  creates   logger
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of fully qualified schema file on the given image .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  return   in
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is used if the main process is in this minion .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message to stderr if an object was not found .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  returns the push status .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   push

test:  returns a boolean corresponding to check if a forum role exists .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd file for distribution information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  to   images
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialize files to a backup datastore .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  returns a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure the exception type wrapper works as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  main method for python installation .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  files   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if provided url belongs to the url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan specified .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the value given a model .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   a

test:  access the parent test that triggers the decoded system .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all services in a service .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a previous ip address from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get our fifo .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses response with plugin aligned and check out of the python 3 .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parses   notification
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the users avatar tag for a user to read the users avatar field from their avatar avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  view   null
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a given command is a command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  if   response
truth:  function   function

test:  set the reader to weights level interface .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  override the process to a file .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  transforms   log
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a queryset ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   role

test:  return the status of the named broadcast .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  if its binary array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  guess   setup
truth:  null   factor

test:  add the xml element to the parent if there is no attribute .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vertex
truth:  add   vertex

test:  show one channel records .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  it computes the normalized data absolute means for users .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  computes   attempt
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get log logging for all loggers logging .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  tweak   null
truth:  set   a

test:  set the system .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone value .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning geometry object from the document .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an elb instance exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  reuse the nsn extension for the specified metadata_url for the specified guid .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  support   a
truth:  return   length

test:  check if all packages are available on the server .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  to   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  builds a json object to use as json for the specified document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  builds   task
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves order order x differential equation partial differential equation using the first differential equation but first partial .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  generator to generate nodes given a sequence of content .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  null   service
truth:  put   put

test:  true if the node is negative to the target in the target module .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  forces   node
truth:  insert   insert

test:  extract both tunnel based on nodes from the provider .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  extract   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the ip address is a zip hosts and work with the following configuration .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  check   a
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raises an exception if required .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  git   git

test:  return response output .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the grains of the given grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that an arbitrary id is a valid :class: .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format datetime object for iso8601 timestamp .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  turn   a

test:  given a function that stores the top level .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  print   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent volume in recent way to the cluster .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   add
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a signature into a nbt .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   decryption
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return the path to the directory that is stored in .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry tools directory name .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a test sequence of items and a list of trackinfo objects .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random global paragraph string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the path has the permission to perform a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator to get caching to skip a cache function .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of unique elements in the given element .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  function   function
truth:  find   a

test:  checks whether a is in the range .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all available boot services cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  list   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  with no snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that is echo with get requests to a get request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  view   copies
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a set of writing for writing outputs as a list of vocabulary read from files .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  send the function functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns sql and module of given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  file   file

test:  return true if the string ends in an infinite string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns the directory to be created along with another module .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a cookie spaced string for an coming config file .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a staff user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  decorator to add a function to the decorated view of a method .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  attribute   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  get template path for a specific template cli example: .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  default   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove reset records from database .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  remove   method
truth:  null   method

test:  send and decompresses mail .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   filter
truth:  send   a

test:  get feed feed below the input .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  server   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  helper method to generate a string of length length 1 .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   key

test:  same as snmp stream .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  check   check

test:  test the full remapping shape .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode an appropriate idlelib object from the given stream and documents .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   pull
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to mark a task class as the task argument to be able to declare .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  null   task
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  take a polynomial expression for x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database database database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class instance for this instance and remove all frames stored in an instance .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  takes   handle
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the submitted .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front version of the least the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  claim   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset text to the color .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  text   default
truth:  print   a

test:  make a python package for which a given bdist yet .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  make   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the pkgutil database cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  default page .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the path components into a directory .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  read   null
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a timestamp specification for logging .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  log error handler based on given error .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  send   try
truth:  make   strings

test:  return true if the user is done from the request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  are   shows
truth:  request   request

test:  returns an exception object .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a function using the given aws environment .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if user has a particular user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests max_revision() are always works if there are no numbers .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  returns the load configuration from a particular session .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function for sphinx .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  null   null

test:  apply all nest variables or dictionary to a specific dict from all the items separator .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check that astropys returns none .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  bootstrap   str
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the timings alignment structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme from the given footer .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  file : atom | atom searching .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action - all empty membership - all outbound modified by launchpad .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the egg or source distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   link
truth:  get   get

test:  turns items from items into a report .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  turns   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  price is correct .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  null   servers
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  load an image of *fname* model .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  constructs   attribute
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  launch   reject
truth:  reject   reject

test:  given a timezone string and a timezone date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a simple it? from a string .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  read an array of tuples .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  read   display
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove elements and database: nodes .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   contrast
truth:  compute   compute

test:  lazy initializer for servicecommandgenerator using the auto-detect command .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  null   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  set a bound version of the vectors .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  set   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true iff the function to be used .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  tell   network
truth:  null   null

test:  get the port of the port .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  lists   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  return difference for forward solutions .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  modified   average
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the values of a gaussian beam method .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown fields to markdown values for a given field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  text   text

test:  close explicit strange reporting back to current buffer .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  broadcast   check
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return if an interval is increasing to the symbol specified .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  a simple release to release the top of the next term originalstate is a list of next byte .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  block   block

test:  write a list of annotated template values to the combined certificates .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  write   get
truth:  writes   a

test:  url decodes a bug .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  url   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return x: no detrending .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   x

test:  wrapper to print xml tags and comments .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  this is similar to persistent urls with a new set of metadata for a page that wraps the old fragment .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the setup for vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  register   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  format before cell examples .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  test   precision

test:  returns the column of a column or none .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  return   return

test:  return the results from a username .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  get   roles

test:  get inset path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a json version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  screenshot is a screenshot based on a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  displays   a

test:  parses an modules with a cookie .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  look   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns new unified or all unified unified .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cached   null

test:  get the languages for all the resources .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  get   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns true if user user uid matches the specified user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   user

test:  convert a path to the full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a valid xkcd date and returns a formatted date string .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a python file from text compiled file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   file
truth:  load   data

test:  return an iterator over minimum bits from data using a single string .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  read a manifest function from smoothed manifest .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  read   return
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the method used to parse actions in cr primary key fields .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  decorate   method

test:  repeat references .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   entries
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory inside the given path for the given path .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  creates   handle
truth:  make   worker

test:  determine the arguments that the arguments is a key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate a friendly metric class .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   stream
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract tags from an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  extracts   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  if the scripts for the zone_id python summary .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  if   form
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a module given its current appropriate module .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  as can fail if a model has a negative column .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  return the code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  code   code

test:  load a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   seed

test:  get the disk partitions of a device path .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  get   a
truth:  array   array

test:  given a pooling for horizontal .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  given   calculate
truth:  fix   size

test:  start the records in a stream and returns them .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  start   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve module name of a module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a campaign feed item from a given platform .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculate secant from a model probability distribution paramaters 1 : int number of standard data .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a ttfdict to all references along deprecated .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   convert
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the full path for storing by default .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring the containers ignore_nodes and ignore_edges .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the given process and the traffic_server process on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  convert images to r color format .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the name of the package with pkg_delete name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  return   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  performs the inheritance information about a template in inheritance .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  search   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test url generator for the current local url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  url   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  add add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  if tokens appears to the console class .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  display the first two string representing the tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  display   join
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  return the length of timezone to include less than one .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  precompute   a
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the a list of arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the description of a projected group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   a
truth:  enables   learning

test:  save test with a setup .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   function
truth:  output   output

test:  features can run only tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  write some whitespaces .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  analyze   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete the given instance .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  connect to a free server using the host byte for the given host .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  generate true if running off force sync .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  null   check
truth:  set   set

test:  add an existing trace to an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  update   update

test:  list the json representation of the user model .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  get   a

test:  helper method for local asset files .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  null   method
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  renders tutorial page with usage templates .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  mail   template
truth:  print   a

test:  return a random global value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run an output and wait until it fails .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  parses a config file and uses it to read a config dictionary or valid module and dispatch .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  default actively .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  default   a
truth:  print   print

test:  elementwise hyperbolic logarithm .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  make the path and returns it .
truth: remove " . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  if   set
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  run default form for a specific user .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  print   default
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   a

test:  makes a certificate certificate certificate according to provider .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  checks   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  execlp calling a function using interactive command command .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  null   content
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filter old characters ending .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  return the filepath .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  search   get
truth:  return   return

test:  split a first line into a list of first rest of the given source and the rest .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   log
truth:  given   a

test:  serialize the list of urls that need to be processed .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure file descriptor is installed .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  simple moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  attempt to parse a string to a message .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   sending
truth:  adding   handle

test:  change the url to the invalid url and return the response .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  change   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  strip a lines of whitespace at the beginning of a line .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  is   lines
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  open a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   decode

test:  encodes a string or encodes a unicode .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  encode   apply
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the average of the specified range .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  give a tasks for update phases .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   point
truth:  pass   pass

test:  get the capabilities string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  get   server
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the cpu cpu cpu used for the process .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to get provides a class upon the correct class .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  raises   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  convert composite image to a transparency image .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional filter filter filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  connect to the currently active language .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  are   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  gets meas date for the current buffer .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  replace special characters in a unicode string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a decorator for mutating property information .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert lists of l1 header to list .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  remove xml file unless xml .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  remove   unicode
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generates a configuration value for a loop .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the [x]html for an object .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first html tags in a http response to end .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  find   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  given two user; server environments and an open port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  given   a
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given string is utf-8 to utf-8 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get an invalid version of the system info version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   docker
truth:  get   get

test:  get block device mapping for the instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance template .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a relative time .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  determine the exit code of the given sigterm exit .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  renames   postprocessor
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  skip this test if module isnt supported .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  module   method
truth:  return   return

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  overwriting   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  performs a system of a lu matrix multiplication in a triangular matrix .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  given a random integer value .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  flatten   functions
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory and checking checking for in-place surface passing into a function .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  get   response
truth:  wraps   a

test:  generate a stopped int from an open file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  mount   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove an elements from the file using the saturation cache .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the opts['master modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the html to try to notify an openid view function .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  check for the existence of a new command .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  compares   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  apply a given value to each channel in a series of addresses .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily disable a python wrapper to hashdb .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for author tests for setting the user path for the user .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  test   a
truth:  call   call

test:  set the view function .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  set   return
truth:  run   a

test:  only load what happens is installed .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   run
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  creates a directory that serves if found in an templatetags directory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  scan x types for a given completed instance .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  get   get

test:  downloads an action or fail if the categories for this category .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert a value to sympy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check the path for npm .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   delete
truth:  check   check

test:  test simple decoding/generator .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the common operation on the whitelist .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  generates   list
truth:  gives   a

test:  load the request from a json file .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a course structure with the given course_id and user info .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  generate   a

test:  for each role return a list of categorical units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a list of epochs by applying a given tv color .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  processes   returns
truth:  splits   a

test:  transforms sparseseries to the ndarray .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of y and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  array   return
truth:  compute   dot

test:  get the appropriate links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  display   get
truth:  to   redirect

test:  start playing json library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  perform 2d spline on a 1d ndarray of points .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  transforms   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  gets the default test emitting the given loop .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  some absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  casts   doc
truth:  null   null

test:  parse an expression and return its antlr tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists all entries in this given location .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  print   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  is it a python package or a directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  test a installation on an existing text .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  search for a publishing index in the registry .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value from the request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if a key is valid .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  if   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  convert an aware datetime to the current time zone .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  check if a line line line will use an triangulated prevline line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate internal random length string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  verify that an attribute on a relative path are present .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  using   python
truth:  pass   pass

test:  retry errors in budget_bundle_kit .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  helper function for setting up to the surface surface from the surface surface .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   tests

test:  the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  queries   units
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  create configuration thermostat based on the user .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  set up test case at provider bar .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  null   provider

test:  private method will stop znc its initial code for use with a capital .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to another location .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  get documented documented for a complex file .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  drop epochs to the bad epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  equalize   null

test:  the inverse of the object that wont considered an object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence to the line in the format .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find what a file has a given name and return the list of files .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a native array to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if required libs is available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  flatten   add
truth:  add   add

test:  called when the csrf token is included in the request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  called   csrf
truth:  given   a

test:  update the global websites sympy .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   course
truth:  update   update

test:  return the first item as they relate to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  get course mode for a course .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  format the number of chunks to a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   count
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the sonarr sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a decorator to run a test suite .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write as a html .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   entries
truth:  displays   null

test:  set the default configuration file for a service .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  properly handles a boolean array or a quick configuration back into discrete .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an odd ndarray the original ndarray making an odd outputs
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set image properties based on the image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  adjust   line
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the renderer view .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  find the numeric hypothesis at a given sysctl value .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  find   prefix
truth:  expects   a

test:  returns an stk500v2 - behaviour .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  set facts['common']['evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with aggregated values set .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the connections software driver names .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining references to the provided distance between the closest .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  move   gcode
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  attempts to get the base class from issubclass .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   version

test:  get all issues for the issue logs .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  parse   use
truth:  extract   references

test:  returns a yaml formatted for the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests file plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  if input points to ) or ] or ] or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive 1 packet using a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  return   send
truth:  send   send

test:  internal parser .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   close
truth:  is   null

test:  runs a given model .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  model   model

test:  return a list of nodes in color without sets .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  return postgresql string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  get   input
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a github based .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  get the last date of objects for this date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a random path from a command in '--all' .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  join prefix with low keys .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  prefix   get
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  computes the statement node by chaninging .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to s3 and write it to the given s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  calls   download
truth:  download   download

test:  displays a disk .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   iterator
truth:  function   function

test:  convert &amp; to mr .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  replaces   total_seconds
truth:  null   null

test:  apply a function exactly the expression tree .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  return the common *o1* of all values .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  directly return a __proxy__ functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  tracking a function by args .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a request object with one 404 or all user handlers in 404 mode .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the given volume .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  append a release token in the authorization will only access this function .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  provides the storage object .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  provides   endpoints
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects on unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  inverse function for erfc .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the config count matches the same config as myrealm .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  used to recursively copy the named modules from the master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  set dnssec consists of config option and name .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  make   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  provides the new private key with a highstate id .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart import role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   role
truth:  linking   linking

test:  read and return a text file from a list .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   python
truth:  read   read

test:  return a list of feature-based productions .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes html entities in a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  convert   normalizes
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  returns integer and bound for use with unix code .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  yield a list of n bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   n

test:  apply a service to a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if a user is a action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   variance
truth:  null   action

test:  returns a tuple length of a terminal length .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return the list of python-consul reg .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that an invalid exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if tuples are equal to determine if tuples .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a user needs to access a coupon code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  given a tell string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  given   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit state: .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  retrieve   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  checks that the tpot system calls the correct cache operation within the cluster_id .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  checks   +
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image properties table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns the user name from the passed user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  returns the number of sequences in too seqs: .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the properties .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of type types .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  return   return
truth:  string   string

test:  shows installed version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   warnings
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset a development development model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert invalid name to a invalid key name for the invalid arguments will be valid .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a given filename .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert column to floats .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a folder to the path .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  rename a file into a rename directory .
truth: move a file . 
test:  renames   one
truth:  move   a

test:  return text .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   format
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the user of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a fake version of os .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a git tool tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  load   load

test:  version information about required header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file parameter a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  control   null
truth:  file   file

test:  print the weeks statistics .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   a
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes the jupyter to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  return the user users to check api .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return a new .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns string of space-separated entries .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  register the translation object - required by an translation file .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  get logger from module with the separator package .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  get   signal
truth:  returns   a

test:  get objects for supported objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   find
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer as complex .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the module name contains all .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current config dictionary of the github ~/ .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  context manager to capture a command on an existing command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns an appropriate id of a scipy .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  add the image directly to the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  threshold   show
truth:  get   size

test:  return a string as a pre-release version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  return   version
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of an array .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  given   part
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get a file and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive file from a given filename .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  construct a random integer from a circuit window .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get api deployment for a given apiid and api name .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a string of one of the units and return a normalized string of the units of the units "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  close the getrlimit necessary fails .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  display the grid dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   output
truth:  display   display

test:  write and writes a file to a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  download   download

test:  downloads the image file and saves it to a given object .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  downloads   print
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  returns a user as a list of email address .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  enable the post excepthook for ipython checks .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an artifact tool shed .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the most stuart distance matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  return   a

test:  the cache operation for tree which still be created .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   ros

test:  tests to see if dummy version is not set .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the % identity identity identity .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  execute   url
truth:  null   identity

test:  change the command frame using setup .
truth: run setup . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  serialize python data structure that can be used to make a json serializable .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  serialize   function
truth:  null   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get equation for the original aws if it is unavailable .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  get integration integration for a given method in the given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of hosts for the given profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a sequence of sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the size in bytes .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of multiple lengths .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   median

test:  resume fake queries .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  resume   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a new .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a non-regression function in case .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  url url .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  text   s
truth:  sort   sort

test:  extract pattern from a tuple .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average number of nodes .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  reads the "physical_host" .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  remove a github team by name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test drawing of an inverse .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a computenode for the given node and create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   likelihood
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file content .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns error error error type from given problem .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  error   name
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  join trailing slash together similar to the beginning and returns the encode .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  join   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : lpar expr | empty .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a cache key for the header .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of the current file so that the next iteration will read the next line from the next file will read the next file will read from the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a dictionary containing default values .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  print   settings
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create a list of keys from f .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  get the hours period to use for the name of the element .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  get   add
truth:  stream   stream

test:  downloads the datatype node by applying a new inner node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  lookup   function
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current application id and a wsgi application .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  fetches all public hash for a given user and return a dict .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  fetches   pairs
truth:  queries   queries

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder for a file on a yaml model .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  train   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  filter input sample records for an otu input file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  given   lines
truth:  filter   otus

test:  use this to create a new instance .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  test   up
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the api logged-in connection info for the specified user .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether a transaction matches the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if the previous node is a symlink .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  average pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  gets the directory of all parent directories .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through the files corresponding to the top .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the list of highlighted .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  square   compute
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields a metric condition .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate python expression evaluation -> codeobj test .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   values

test:  changes the url of the confine property .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test the _repr_pretty_ result .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  test   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the child threads of the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   function
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main entry point .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get the issues for a github page of time .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  hits   page
truth:  github   github

test:  wrap a function .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  called by fact that may occur when the array of another rc to be called .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  called   updates
truth:  is   t

test:  creates a symbol database url for the verbose database .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns proper keys based on repository ids .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove items that can be updated by a list of expressions .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  guess   remove
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  load all runtime statistics cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  profiling   commands
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the message to the destination stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  writes   like
truth:  write   null

test:  check whether proxy ends with running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  convert a png file size to a png string .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  export   method

test:  use methods['mul'] to create the partial arithmetic arithmetic element in place .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  use   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to the correct type .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the upper case of the terms of code1 .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a symbol to an integer .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check that two friend method of mocks and b are correct .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  send   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check reports to be sent daily .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  main method for the training process from the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  null   point
truth:  build   build

test:  test the :class:elasticsearch api_key based header to ensure it works as expected to allow x-api-key based header .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  convert a string to letters .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run the command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  creates the iff web storage file mkdir is loader .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that an invalid directory cant be modified .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  decomposes the channel and respond with an image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get the first locales files in the given locale .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   find
truth:  extract   null

test:  adds given route from vrf identified by *route_dist* .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete one or more entities .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   version

test:  open a specified file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   method
truth:  open   a

test:  convert a previously registered ip address string to a profile ip address .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  convert   values
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true if x is a valid curve of x and the curve is not a string .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  execute constant value for a given series .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  execute   updates
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  tests the neighbor alignment .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure each arg is a list of strings .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download url from url to download the full path .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  url   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  ensure that [0 .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  associate   set
truth:  null   null

test:  a version of the jones covariance matrix format_alignment and y .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  multivariate   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path of the computer parameter for the given process .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  launch a single git repository from the git database .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  to   like
truth:  launch   launch

test:  give a database tables for all nodes in the request .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  give   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper decorator for setting an active revision revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  require   a
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  get all file from a package that reads from every file from the given package and return them .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects field field of a given block .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test installing a wheel for each wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  verifies theres the prefix for a resource on the entire pages .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  stolen   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  safe loading model class .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  common master facts to get current facts .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  register   master
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  mark a refund service as well or deleting the course has been removed by studio .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is an enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get all apps .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  get   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  ensure the bokeh device passed to the rules in the admx .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if the input edge is set .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that should not return func .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  removes the python information about the class when the class is not inside the demo method .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  evaluates   resolves
truth:  indices   indices

test:  initalize the module into .
truth: load a module . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if arg is a next .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return lowpass position: i:length in a 3d installation .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  mimics   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make the contents of the n colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commit the given tree .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if a given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the output of the user under the minion cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  change   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  pulls the bus .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  indefinite indefinite is applied to c .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get url from django .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  + the current figure .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  null   check
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the system exit .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  null   infinite

test:  returns full path to .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  return   location

test:  return the instance_type object for a module or module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file in the file extension .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  call   up
truth:  make   a

test:  test that exceptions .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  the array with population header values .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that expired can be instantiated .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  null   dev

test:  return a list of network changes to deleted .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   seconds
truth:  return   current

test:  show a running system .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  called   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a mod to mobius representation .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorator that makes sure a test suite is set to be called before setting .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  register   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure that we can load a specific object .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   open
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  note: must create the default listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs value are tuples and values are kern subclasses of "smartly" values .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a gradient with a file of the given name .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  create   character
truth:  creates   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  is   return
truth:  posts   posts

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   lines
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns the module features for the application .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  1 tuple x ends in chebyshev .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  assert   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the first grade boundary for the given student in a schema .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the coming information for the version id .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a context manager that automatically use the given stderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  stderr   console
truth:  override   sys

test:  main function for facebook .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a three transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  flip   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  a damped value of equality .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  format   test
truth:  if   null

test:  create a space .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  create   diff
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   checks
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace html reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username specified by the -l key .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the header path passed in .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the declaratively with features .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get the required system users on windows system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  verify that the given powers has the path to the temporary directory .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  add opening cli examples: .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the raw instance lock by the redis instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  returns   details
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find and register a path for a path .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test the bundle structure .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  file   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  check whether the specified schema is being executed with the specified schema .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  check   a
truth:  alter   a

test:  default implementation of configuration .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  main method for cleaning up collection .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  color   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return the directory path .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  try to connect to a device using the given path .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  passing one or more complex management operations of the old python path is present .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get vector3 by setting .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the versions of dist_name version that can be used with the highest version number .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generates a random api sample .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generates   use
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return filename without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the document for sha-256 requires multiple fahrenheit .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the specific configuration .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  get the vector times .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  gets timeouts and function names for out of boto .
truth: given a field . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new image instance .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  return current transaction .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this method takes a anchored file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  null   open
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  decorator for setting the decorated class to the queue argument .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a io .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to its zeros order .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  check whether a namedtuple file for the given data .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  mock   input
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   return
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return the handlers of this code .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  build   a

test:  takes a phone service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that lists of data source strings are as a string or an ['abc' .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a value for available locales .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an int64index date to iso-formatted-like .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  search for a binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  search   prefix
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  julian two n-d arrays .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download an archive to which a bootstrap archive .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  null   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a class that takes lhandler html file system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  given   up
truth:  return   a

test:  test parsing of scientific .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  serialize a datetime object for a given date string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  send a message to multiple messages .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  send   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  lowpass the location line of an error .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  add   add

test:  return the number of randomly bindings that are in elasticsearch order .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  fixed   request
truth:  null   number

test:  generate "keys" in a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a text3d object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  yield the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a class used to create a config class from plugins .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version of this package version of the package .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  start start of review channels for start'] .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   function
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  try to send all attachments stored in filename to filename with a device .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic generic to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  convert   dictionary
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a shortest graph sorted by power .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of tuples for display .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns a human-readable string of a capital string .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  if a list of 2d hash is a dictionary of lists .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  dumps   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  example: = .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes a cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  update the template tag that doesnt call the template tag .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  update   null
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix postfix log postfix which every log stream if its in **tag log lines .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   docstring
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a vpc vpc table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  eol limits characters in eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  null   find
truth:  text   text

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   models

test:  return package fix for given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  package   find
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a string is valid .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of a binary file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  md5sum   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  checks if a string is an html fragment .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the list of polygon for the given params and populates the context with the context variable .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast a numpy array or a angle of a angle of the given types .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  like   like
truth:  cast   cast

test:  get the date in an appropriate string .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a 16-bit integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for one instance as calls .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  the largest launch example:: any of the c{l{makexmltags}} library .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the value in a key .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  logs an active request .
truth: says hello . 
test:  logs   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return that the parameter identified by a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator that styles is a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  gets all modelsoutput for all indexes contained in all given app sql statements for all indexes .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a 2d feature on the feature operation .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   a
truth:  request   request

test:  drop epochs on the channel .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  drop   part
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove the attributes from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check for every line numbers of the line numbers and return a list of {key: .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   dispatch
truth:  return   line

test:  get indentation to display indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  return   return

test:  convert degrees in numpy format to an degrees of integers .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if value is fully validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  validate   values

test:  rest controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  retrieve descriptions and return the file for the given url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the uploading command with arguments and wait for the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  point   process
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  checks if a string is a builtins .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  connect asset delete asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  return a table of containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if user has permission to reload the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  get the evaluators value .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the radiotherm thermostats .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize the given line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   lines
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find nodes with primary keys and query strings .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  print the leaf .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   fix
truth:  null   a

test:  make a dictionary mapping from their names to the first part of dicts .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  build a color object from a color system .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of all modules for the given config .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop a specified container count the system .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  inverse of the loglikelihood of standard t .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an object based on a text path .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that ipython script argument validation function is called in ipython .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  given a list of exercises items .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  erase annotation between all dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  restore   callback
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert the given image to equivalent in a directory .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  convert   range
truth:  given   a

test:  moves timeline in the doc document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  wraps   doctype
truth:  null   null

test:  removes a class class .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse dell results file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with exploration ids that the next activity activity for the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extracts all python plugins here in the inheritance .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  releases   a
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse and expected type .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create the use of both add-ons to find what instance flush str .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  cast string or integer to an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  chisquare of the first row of an image .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  shift   like
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve a quota usage for a given user and user .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   quota
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  creates a new callable for testing of a single callable .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a new product .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the filesystems process_view from the master .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  computes the vector of a non-negative matrix to the open item u .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  colorize   equation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  attribute to find a network with the specified name .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker cluster and installer for a given distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   flocker

test:  this function generates an x**m that no modules transforms .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  take   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of chars .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  email to email address .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  releases   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a jacket from an images .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  for powershell .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  return a python object for json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all repositories within the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  commit   information
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as belonging to a specific course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse with a response body header .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  checking   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  create the example header that an copy- request .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  create   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call this function to invoke a callable per second to be true .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  normalise   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create the identifiers for a given abundance matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  allows   convert
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  convert a container object to unique name .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for a child process .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  modifies   waits
truth:  runs   a

test:  calculate the scalar unwinding array of never transform on a in an input array .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  return the databases from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the trees that would be parsed from this package or makes an iterator of sequential fields .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  symlink a config file this is not a symbolic path by a user can be later later .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   change
truth:  create   a

test:  like an exception and return an exception .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  smooth   mill
truth:  limit   a

test:  return a dictionary composed of keys over the value of an iterator .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   header
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  builds a query dict from the passed node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   page

test:  return a back reference to the given example:: from fabtools .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  return the list of unique functions .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  hash the hash of the salted and return the location of the salted dict .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  hash   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install output of the executable for the executable .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a command and write it to a location .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  null   count
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  get   get

test:  return a boolean to indicate that the object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  start the mongodb server .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse text by an parameter: header .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  text   arguments
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute command in process .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  hidden   null
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  return a idenfity detail .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  return   work
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator for methods which ensures that the wrapped methods are changed .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  test that before and after the standarddir palette .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  test   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  create an specifer description .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to do a ccx access a temporary course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a specific sm summary is already satisfied .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update a new video page .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  null   object
truth:  if   check

test:  compile a string or raise exception .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to create all sequences with a given sequences .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  store   store
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  check rules must be none .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  if   return

test:  activate old language code call .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  token   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  ask a question; .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  select   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  name   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get current default state .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  get   functions
truth:  gets   null

test:  construct a namedtuple of .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  compare   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a url in config or search string .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  use the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  recursive   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  print the current process and return the correct status string .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  print   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move an entity to the lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   copies
truth:  moves   null

test:  determine if the glob patterns can be built in the specified patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   glob
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the metadata for a specific type .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check that the github asset value is present in the list with the given asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  rebuild pooling for copy_reg to be fired .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns true if the given value passed in the system .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos with solaris .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   load
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  given two or modified data date string .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  disable   reload
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  fetch a command line of support .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  rather than a bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  move   a

test:  given a sqlalchemy query result as a dict .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  returns a list of primary bin to song .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  abbreviate the given results of an xml tree .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  abbreviate   a
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about best mercurial stuff this system pattern .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print out the currently installed authorcount option .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   prefix
truth:  print   authors

test:  create a sample input and return its operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  create   matching
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running under a given pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  calls '***gaveupafter%iretries\n' if not empty function is true .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  try   something

test:  print a function under migration .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  print   a
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the dtvs information about the dtvs region .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  wrapper around java_jar .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  null   part
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  get the percentage of an instance instance_id the instance of the vm .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  turns a list or a string into a list of regexp and a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the host is sunos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the given test path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return keys in request policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the boolean by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a wsgi tool object for the config file specified .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the statusbar is found and then puts the suffix to make sure the widget is found .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the traffic_line command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  format html string with list of lists .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  stop all .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  like   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get modules class based on the module in the given module .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  get all available ports from available .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the qt namespace .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get expression to zero -> x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes to a sql string .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  adds   replaces
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  computes the aes cipher .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  returns closed *tree* hole to use for github issue termination issue github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper for parse_results() that is a new expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  is   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the password bytes - the 8 high high by encrypting byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  function to get all keys in dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  converts   dict
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the minion will be able to perform cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the set of all grains from the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return ordereddict as a string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  opens   generator
truth:  format   a

test:  find the plot distribution for a given fully fully qualified distribution .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  find   plot
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can check the user has all rights or the user rights or the user rights or the user rights or the user
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  given a cfg .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  select   console
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows multiple samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  softmax categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  attempt to load a python module file calculated returns a module file of disk .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  the template tag is a partial html or a list of html .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a file from the safe_mask between files .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  call another entry with the given entry .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  multiply   call
truth:  insert   a

test:  setup permissions to build_obs_freq_mat: .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  escapes   up
truth:  detach   program

test:  provides prompts push items back to the given url .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  consume   source
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image using installed image uuid : string name of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   one

test:  a decorator that asserts that they might need to be easily .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  return an 210x160x3 status tuple .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  null   function
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  get the path to the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  object   object

test:  *chained the formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  backend   function
truth:  null   formatter

test:  task_id for a task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   a

test:  kill from the cursor to the end of the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   delete
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorate a function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the daemon limit of a single rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a project name .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return 'nfs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytes .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  bytes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check the given text and return the previous field .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  document   check
truth:  check   check

test:  join the start of a module in a set of strings in a batched format .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  perform some given members using uniquely .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin publishes results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:slack plugin <hipchat+plugin> version >=1 .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  write the shared source code to each file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   text
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the given weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  validate string with leading and upper cleanup .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  method for a default event loop .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  tell   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  take a prefix and list of javascript strings in base format .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  take   a
truth:  has   js

test:  return the database from the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is valid set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a dyadic function .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  send a usable related to the beginning of a given uri .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   log
truth:  look   up

test:  remove all mtime devices from the given list is modified by suites .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   prepare_setup_platform
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list regexp console data .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  take 'browser' version of 'browser' and return a dict of the keys in 'browser' .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  if   null

test:  return a config object for locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the area loops of an path .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  main function for rewritings .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  running   running

test:  suggest dependencies should not be defined in the old-style range .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  calling   security
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return the specific values of all the base64 function called .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  return a rs refactored package .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   test
truth:  make   a

test:  runs the command on a remote machine .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the literal expression represented by f(x) .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the string representation of all config .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  runs a specific list of slice .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  runs   requests
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  check for a vpc vpc id or other driver name .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  step that doesnt have invalid slice .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  step   check
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  log log message at the given level .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   use
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return a list string from an http tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  given a directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  create   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  attempts to get an certificate in a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  renders the comment form for the given params and populates the given params if the given params and populates the given params that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if student has been configured .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   method

test:  some pure function of row x_i in both the series of eq objects .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a template and return a tuple of .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of available vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  output a bucket in passed bucket name .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  doing   test
truth:  to   null

test:  update probs collections .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   project
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  unshares   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  null   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  the query symbol function for the current request .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  strips list of hosts from each port or more hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  host   host
truth:  list   list

test:  get cached model for a given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   doctype
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle an object using cache file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  start   arguments
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  get the path string in a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  find   find

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  tokenize the given string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  lowercase   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  return an iterator of frames from socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed image .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill the process with the given pid using the given pid .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  shows the ssh units .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the 'stroke-width' paths .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns a client client string to use with the specified user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that test are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert value to a buffer object .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test basic sequencepattern like daemon/forkd .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  format datetime object as a timestamp string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  mock exception thrown in python 8280 .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  exception   code
truth:  save   current

test:  open an absolute path .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  control   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a scrollregion scrollregion and comments .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  stop all the [attr]module and remove any negative values in node and uses it .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  stop   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the cumulative density function as calls over the von density .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the output of redis digits .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  count   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  remove the matrices from the links .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  remove   values
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the default gnupg to download a new user .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   alternatives
truth:  set   set

test:  create a resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  send a template for rendering .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns the version of the <movie> tuple .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  reverse the deprecation page .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  reverse   log
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  restores restores the logger with given logger .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  the default prefix for the current directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all valid urls linked to an docstring .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the configuration directory path .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  expand   function
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the python codec name corresponding to an ascii string or none if the string doesnt exist .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  write sequence of pool fasta files .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  decoder : .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  list   quotes
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  identify the message to the request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  to   permissions
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs out locale .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  convert non-nan floats to i-th and got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  finite   finite

test:  get an invalid windows volume sizes .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  formats rate per second from cur_time .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  formats   float
truth:  return   difference

test:  given a list of roles .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  cumulative distribution for an install_scipy distribution parameters x : ndarray the activation for which is added .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  null   null

test:  exercise the script at com server .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  is   image
truth:  process   process

test:  determine comment to show service output scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  unescape   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a server is made to an email .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  transfer   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   form
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  create replication commands that creates a new user with the properties specified in the replication reference to this method .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  creates   exception
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if the os linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  load   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   a

test:  make a 2d view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   magic

test:  show the given pages and language .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  published   create

test:  delete a user from the registry cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a dialog dialog using a pyramid command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  function used to convert a list of expecteds information into a byte string .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module object for a package and modules .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the given certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  get all permissions that have the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sqlalchemy releases for a slice .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get shipping summary step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot figure .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute minimum image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  recall   enquiry
truth:  null   null

test:  show the seq_order: fastq files from datatime output as individual networks name asynchronously list of explicit conversion string mask this stream can be expressed to write in all dependent labels
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  fasta   page
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  subscribe a user .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  update   user

test:  returns a list of the elements of *x* .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  expand xri local to an xri local comparison .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if weight is a tuple of ints .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  show the dictionary calls .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  show   null
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  loads a file and return parsed locales for the placeholders files .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true if all selected options are currently selected .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  selects   a

test:  find all default python variable in the next python variable .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  import   a

test:  start start with a single channel .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  start   create
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shutdown the proxy for the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the requests options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test glcontext template can be created correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  set the currently buffered .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  view   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify performs the equivalent of the job plugin requires the job plugin <sloccount+plugin> plugin <robot+framework+plugin> .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reindex is a paper function for data on the most recent uuids .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   input
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove a tunner .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns an application/x-download instance from a file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  call the function so that it performs a function for multiline .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  reject   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when deactivated in activated import data view page is not activated backward compatibility .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of each mean is farther in the mean .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  error   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a floating point number stored in a 16-bit encoded string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  try to create a version string from the system encoded .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if msgpack is installed .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  add the list of handlers to the system .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   commandhandlers
truth:  registers   null

test:  liveaction the liveaction from the datastore .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  use   null
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as actual course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  forms an error response to take a default_handlers response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  forms   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  display the order of a mongodb repository .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  running   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all available cloudpipes .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the u'topic and unset for the site .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  checks that all images are present .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   up
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a decrement migration .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help exit code for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   a
truth:  help   help

test:  format the image data for a file on the master .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  format   return
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template and then impact namespaces .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the minimum service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  return   check
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  given a class instance .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  given   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  filters a user .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  twitter   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return all simple p[k] function at a time of n .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  detects   null

test:  add assembly in the given value .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  wrapper for install_scipy .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  add   prefix
truth:  enables   readline

test:  find a primary resource source by id in a resource .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the cluster size from the system as a cluster string .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extracts   method
truth:  extract   null

test:  make a random estimator that can fit the same stitches pattern to set using estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   control
truth:  if   check

test:  generates the exponential measure measure of a probable distribution .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list_type : field_type | void .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   epochs
truth:  null   null

test:  return url of log2(x) for a code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  update the event for a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  takes   reading
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  return the objects associated with a package name .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  purge   a

test:  pull the u'fix multiline algorithm from a code function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  test existence of a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  to   up
truth:  check   a

test:  set the where the configuration value is true .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  set   return
truth:  was   option

test:  send a message to a hipchat room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   a
truth:  file   file

test:  calculate all oldest information available on a flat migration specification .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  print   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check the request using python authorization + python interpreter .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a random image representing a sphere .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  null   tv

test:  turns a list of unicode values into unicode string .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all instances .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the type of the postgresql function .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   number

test:  activity activity controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   activity

test:  create a template name and checks its context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  create   function
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version as a string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return a pep others: rules from the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this will return an error code for a uindex index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   code
truth:  create   create

test:  make optparse for existing command .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   options

test:  generate a font x window if necessary .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  generate   number

test:  a decorator to declare that a function with the return value .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  take string or list of (q) .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  return rgb color function .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the python list from string s to puts in clauses .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the number string .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  for numbers as string from twos int .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  url   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert the given value to a boolean string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test if a is a return either a b or b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  this url is designed to the same url as argument .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  base   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read bad fiff .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  batch batch with the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  batch   format
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in new_x .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  remove a file describing the console dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  predicate   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a value for the proxied configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes removes source directory tree .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  yields   element
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   list
truth:  project   users

test:  use the mysql event for each user changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   a

test:  when the rar field is not being rendered .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   label
truth:  default   html

test:  convert a hash .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the maximum figure out of the acquiring or try to figure out = component .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  is   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create an master source file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  make   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  the utility function for assembly a dsa environment variables .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  check that a service is created under the given maximum .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  does this function take a simple middleware and they appear in them .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  does   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  display the associations of all messages .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  display   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  given the file path .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   path

test:  align the rmdr information in a set of multiple times .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  align   verifies
truth:  byte   byte

test:  given a list of dicts and a most of the specified field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  display a index .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  display   a
truth:  presents   null

test:  beams image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  preprocesses   undo
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for the event action .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  are   function
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  return the state of the named user .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  return   up
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  the new filesystem to the new filesystem .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  discover   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  get cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  get   base
truth:  return   cputime

test:  load and return configuration dictionary and return a _schema instance .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  config   config

test:  either returns the sum of an array or a list of terms .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the string is a valid encoding name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  converts   a

test:  automate the first network after the first network .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   n

test:  returns the pem string used for generating chunks of pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  given   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method for defining a module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert terms of f in k[x] to slice in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before extensions .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  returns the string that is used in a form of a dot-atom-text .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  check we can override the timeout .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  make   null
truth:  run   core

test:  return the labels on an rgb color .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split plain text into big tag .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  split   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  delete an existing service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a command and update it on the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return sparse communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   subgraph
truth:  return   return

test:  return a class instance associated with the given data .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  return   new
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the json representation of a given image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  return   json

test:  ensure that zabbix keys dont correct .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  waits for doc-building .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the width of the docs positions .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  applies words .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  string   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  get the set of node id from the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is the supplied distribution a a: distribution .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   null
truth:  create   create

test:  create a dictionary of futures from specified values .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  return the reply of a transfer matrix .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads all the numa information from the pid file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  files   validation
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the "\ntry conversion works correctly import of various parameters works by frozen or importable .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   test

test:  read a numpy array based on clients .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  read   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  get currently selected user or none if no request is currently active .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  sequence and derivatives .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   values

test:  cache the registry for the registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  verifies that the specified ['failure' from a specified ['failure' .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  check the levels for the given bundle and set it if needed .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  given a device and a device .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  given   url
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs describing a pairs .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of keys from another at the end of another given array .
truth: s: string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the cluster or none if the cluster has any cluster c{true} .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a config file location of the config file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return source and its target .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  compress the tarball or create an owners file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  fixes   filter
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq grafana policy is absent name name of the user to remove runas policy .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  the inverse of a number .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   benchmark
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all available referenced by a kb elliptic body .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the unit mapping for the given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a new container .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  open   one
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the aaaa record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pip - decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  create   create

test:  _reduce_code() phonenumber .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  null   phonenumber
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert a string to a dotted filename .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  given a addon public key .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a list of unix and represent header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  given   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the value of transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  calculates the special paths and write them to a datastore url .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  see if the object exists .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  test   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shorthand for host() split package/module split .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure an empty string is changed correctly .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the repr of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the flask service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  computes the computes the computes the internal elements .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  copy a file reference to a invalid container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  wait   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   init_declarator_list
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  take a color by integers and return it as an equivalent followed by .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  take   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the root tree by the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  this is the standard error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  is   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  associate associate with floating coefficients of the specified matrices .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  run the running test cases .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  let   null

test:  create an interface for an interface which builds the wrapped object lazily .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given two extension files .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find an expression that started a template file .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  apply   find
truth:  find   find

test:  show the standard options .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  parsed   sets
truth:  return   return

test:  io httprequest httprequest .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculates a default pcap correlation of commands checksum used as 16 used by random integer .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   get
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions of raw channel definitions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  mount   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to check a valid source file for the user .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  make   validate
truth:  check   window

test:  transforms a list of values to a string .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  transforms   copies
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find treewidth of the given bound to a dag .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read querying entries in an undohandle format .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  breaks   up

test:  hcs a dictionary containing digests strings by directed directed strings .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a subscription on event .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  given   notification
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing from a folder .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get the list of descriptions for the given diff and returns a list of descriptions .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  split the source line containing confirm that line is running .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  split   dictionary
truth:  running   running

test:  creates a api: instance the default translation directory .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return unicode timestamp used as kind of kind .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that synchronizes a decorator to open a method for the reason this decorator when setting isnt behaviour of the interpreter sdk .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  form   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the node that has line number of the line number in the line number .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  print the query dict of all fields stored in this file .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  print   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  returns path to the directory in this script .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  find   a

test:  uploads the json for the user to now .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   process
truth:  null   null

test:  creates the received tab in the database .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  function   figure
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to use for remote sources .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  set   app

test:  restful crud error page to which the user belongs to use the account .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  takes   response
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return entries information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf_services
truth:  return   return

test:  make egg to take the launched instance under the wheel .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  make   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample a hexstring of a complex matrix note: new albums is a function of stuff .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  if a string is a valid filename - name - cyg .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a key and a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* window wrapper .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial and cofactors of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  return the list of objects to which a topic .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  passes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse mariadb configuration .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  safely copy any files to a plugin plugin associated with the specified plugin file .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the collection of all paths in a directory .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  takes the given document as an json-compatible or turns it into a python string .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  wraps   instance
truth:  null   null

test:  the hash of each variable in x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   plugins
truth:  null   x

test:  returns the number of voronoi from the request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  view   searches
truth:  return   number

test:  check that all combinations of theano and gpu numbers .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  check   splitting
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  try to read a stream from a generator .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a programs .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  register an calendars plugin based on the configuration parameter .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  track   a
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong sample object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds one of the full project name .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  requires   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  validate a given authentication client .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  validate   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper function for renewal exceptions that should get the compiled message .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  start the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   start
truth:  freeze   null

test:  given a list of average services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  issue #1150: for conversion of si functionality .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize an sync_stores distribution .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  normalize   x
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  determines whether this is a proxy under this process .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  joins   return
truth:  are   null

test:  add tismd to tags .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  this reads a file that may be configured as a different python string .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  null   load
truth:  file   file

test:  rebuild power function for hypergeometric methods .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   get
truth:  set   set

test:  get the path for an object .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  the restful handler for course unit .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  null   get
truth:  creates   a

test:  display urls in plain text .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  func   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  check the cpu compiler with agent directories .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  flatten   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random cloud instance digits .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  quote a string that can be used with a visible listed that doesnt exist in the scheduler .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the user has complete .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  return   authentication
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  return the mean of an image with its streaming executed correction after the first noop .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  multiply   shell
truth:  null   chamber

test:  write the given environment .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  make a user a group of the organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  returns the vm for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect to the given server and main .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  server   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates and returns the datastore compliant file name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  if   strip
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  same type as os .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the row and save to the db for the user .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  require an xml element .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  retrieve the list of names of the f(x) and traincv .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  keep   null

test:  return the first item of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  provide a url for absolute website .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  provide   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  repositories all repositories for the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  change   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  display the browser url for this system .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a pmf .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  bartlett covariance matrix assumes we have a hessian series of time series with consecutive series .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  copy script from an app to an sql server .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  make   upload
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  given a list .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  given   file
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  requests a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  reauthenticates   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt unicode output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform a new .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize rule and return an minimum source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration was made from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  serialize an object into a branching rule .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  try   try

test:  formats the list fn according to the given table fn .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  formats   in
truth:  remove   a

test:  calculates a new numpy array test function .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  test   test

test:  produces the possible epochs in text format used to parse the possible api ids .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a manifest to the given archive in which the path was located .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  require an apache site to be disabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a key name and a foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  null   load
truth:  resolve   a

test:  insert document errors into a given document which contains directive in the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  color   version
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the value for a given value .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  string   check
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  given the path to the system .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  given   environment
truth:  get   a

test:  test to ensure the base types works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  resume the requested addon user has upper backport creation .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  executes   task
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create an ec2 action that can be created with a given parent document .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare filesystem to mounted index of the file system .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   new
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a connected to the destination line .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  workaround   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  gets the gravatar url for a gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  url   url
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer should proceed; if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  the main entry point to the config .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  mark   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set a default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  install   a
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  log a rule via the details of the filesystem .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  chown   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  verify that btrfs .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  ensure that accessing a mutable value for a field causes the aws field names if not the image was not the string; if the demo parameter terminal called .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  render a template name from the given file .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  render   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download a named file and return its minimum value .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  download   a
truth:  importing   try

test:  sets the user cookie settings .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   converts
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a specific font is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  start vlm_media service and all admin tests .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  start   move
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calculate the sha1 difference of a gaussian distribution .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   change
truth:  mean   mean

test:  set the order of columns to be removed .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole dipole mask .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  check   setting
truth:  test   len

test:  test %%prun with ipython cell info .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  show the disk cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  do   partitions
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  this decorator takes a method or a explicit statement and returns something which is true if the first element in the given json node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from f to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   univariate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that config files need to be present successfully .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks all of the entrance exam driver is allowed to determine whether the course user for .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  decodes   display
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validate a positive integer or 0 .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace all special characters that isnt found in s .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  escapes   <

test:  list items that are not just a list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split text with _ .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  text   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get object cache object from the specified container cache key this function either a string or cache object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  object   get
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively compare two dicts in given vertex .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  take a slice tensor of the dask array with index .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  take   replaces
truth:  null   null

test:  get the start and starts for a range .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  convert   startservice
truth:  block   block

test:  validate that formset is a valid formset for being a formset for being a given formset .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the filename choices .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  persists   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit xml service with valid xml service .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   validates
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  returns true if all sequences in the given sequence are seqs .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order using the respective order variable>}}{text{<dependent .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the given domain is present or not .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the default tag of a tag for the given type .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read *lims data from lims .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  determine if the plugin was uploaded by the directory: plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a misses feature .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a tag tag raw .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize a register archive from a file in format .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   service
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a twisted host .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve and return url for a specified url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  update the middleware available .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  dictionary   mock
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a file mtime exit .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  update   return
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change just a user to have no attribute at attribute in the chunk .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  convert a request to a several request and return a tuple of request if a request .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  time   time

test:  calculates approximate cosine for a given step .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  perform   sample
truth:  generates   null

test:  add an object to a dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get up to delete methods from a given container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  get   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  adds the users home page .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple for offset colon but only works if available .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  tuple   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get info about the specified 'community' changes .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  pull   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create an featured activity references for the given instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  create   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   list
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  cache an environment in the s3 bucket .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  test hive-site table if data table can be read by right but doesnt correspond to set the provided header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if the information on the given interface is being used .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  null   current
truth:  module   module

test:  append a fake http response to bypass waf .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  append   a

test:  the 'uname-a' task .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  get   get

test:  find the complex source files in a particular line .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a date/time .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  string   string

test:  compute a gradient of an array .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  calculates   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  returns all disjoint elements of the given graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a course is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that path_info a function adding a single connection information retrieved by the connection .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculate the number of individual polynomial .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  displays   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  loads and finder specific user using user name .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  make matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the singleton to use for the gce .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return a string escaped by a number .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  return   s
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  private method that checks the full path for the ssl request or none .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  load configuration and create properties from the current config file .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copies   copies

test:  the get_work_dim() multiplication multiplication for a multiplication header cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  block   block

test:  disables maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  results   reload
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verifies that all of the certificate is already installed .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  make   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the full url to the theme css file .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   template
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  find an e at a time .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  find   method
truth:  splits   a

test:  launch a framing of the given line field in an control: address .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier behind the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a given session string to hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the path to the file name .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   read
truth:  files   files

test:  collect the cache of an existing test suite .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  put   up
truth:  run   testcase

test:  wait for all *x*-axis threads to be sent .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  a demonstration of small checkresult .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  import module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   module
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a list of expected items are equal .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get current hardware status of the current process environment .
truth: return user name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are force access to the start variable name .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for creating a yaml format .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of runtime configuration variables .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  date value for date values in the format from days .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   date

test:  given a tuple to double asset memory integer and wemo l{int} .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a textad .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   integers
truth:  given   integers

test:  get user to influxdb lib .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  get   guess
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  return an image of a maximum image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  find   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if an empty service is not enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update all the involved download and records .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the number of cpus on the machine .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of sextractor .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  view function to get a link and limit from rights .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  lookup   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track the frontend ifttt and offer events to be read events .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   null
truth:  track   states

test:  extracts the list of http token from the category .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over successors in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if arg is not none .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  add a new random identifier .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx lx 'echoarguments' .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  decorates   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   values
truth:  read   feature

test:  the sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  null   like
truth:  empty   a

test:  get email back using one queue .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  email   test
truth:  email   email

test:  remove all dictionaries from an expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  set   null
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the 1-d array for the specified axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  reverse   maximum
truth:  null   range

test:  main section for cleaning using the main command .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  request   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a string can be checked by eui-64 .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the url returned by the user .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  file   a
truth:  add   add

test:  dummy method for defining a bug to test .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  null   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  calculates the 1997 and the values for an array .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculates   wrapper
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the individuals compatible encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  swaps the standard deviations of the values lie to the matplotlib standard error .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  swaps   elements
truth:  null   deviation

test:  create new user under the github node .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  resolve   migrate
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of names of the flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the last line of the serialised to validate a single file .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a service via the group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  return   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass object to a surface of dicts .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  download   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  trims the sequence of sequences .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  renames   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  retry -> execute an anonymous instance .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the absolute path to the caffe cache file .
truth: given a package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string and report .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  input   number

test:  extracts the exception from the request and then raises an exception .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a letter code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  define   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the gravatar avatar for a github url .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns default status for the given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import all public name from a package .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   home
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that another imports are not accepted .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create all new shared test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  creates   application
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a file-like object from one s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start the thorium grain .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  stop   up
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a git tree to a file system path for python or an ftp file system path to the prng .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  list all slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the n-th coefficient for two univariate filter .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  decorator for imported methods to an instance of a class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   version

test:  fetch data from an ssh server .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return an array of non-zero elements of a 1d expression args: x : array of expressions : ndarray unique value of an expression or an array of expressions .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a dict with the specified instance of a model .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  checks whether all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  estimate conjugating parameters using a distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  given a list of namedtuples and a list .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  given   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  indicates whether a equals distance is similar to .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks the correctness of a server and port .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  recursively generate list of files from plugins in the form this is similar to the instance of the doc module .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  include   helper
truth:  makes   null

test:  close the password keyed by adding the service to the requested credentials .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  tell   handles
truth:  make   null

test:  test that the right curve is initialized correctly .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve any html files type .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  watch or delete a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  main function to get aggregate templates .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  djangos   show
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  find a gls based on a sphere .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  find   diff
truth:  null   component

test:  rshift literal_type .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert datetime to a dictionary with the current iso 8601 .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns true if the container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic relu function for each hyperbolic .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check if the variable and y are equal .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  if   get
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting one spawned method .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  tear   a
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan the file to a python port for this process .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  check an array of type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  find the user instance and return a dictionary .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  find   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  return the flocker node that contains flocker using flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   flocker
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the memcached for the given exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the output of the sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   current
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns the ith value of the given list .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the http feed .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  setting   function
truth:  function   function

test:  update a wsgi-function value .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  the public kernel .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   exponential
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing hash .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  parsing   test
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse the beginning of infiles to a list of infiles filepaths .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  flatten   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a file or directory .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return a configuration file for current config .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   groups
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check for the given addon is fully amo .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all available vm .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends a target request to the home page .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  make   urls

test:  option and return a binary image for unix use with published .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  applies   security
truth:  features   features

test:  check media form tables in a inject-passwords query .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  temporarily allow a sequence of items to the interval .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  query   query

test:  drops the database tables to handle all mysql tables .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  turns   project
truth:  set   set

test:  add pillars to derivation .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if the css selector is present in the given selector .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return an ssl port number .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  n346 - use policy instead of policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  -   production
truth:  look   null

test:  get a file:// url for the specified backend .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the bcpy interface is not implemented in this file .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  function   x
truth:  extract   x

test:  convert a string to a hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  convert   windows
truth:  return   a

test:  finds the grep version of the grep formatted and returns the number of hh:mm:ss that is in the system .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  to   run
truth:  null   counting

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  object   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the url for all entities .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print logging with the review report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  print   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode an html string using the given rdfvalue .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  get all nth interfaces from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  ask a question; if the answer is ok .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  show   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure the project will be protected .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  gets the value of a course has fulfilled .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to ensure that the hub api exists .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  returns   str
truth:  use   use

test:  show the details .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a new variable with the given shape .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  null   add
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the cluster mapping file from a dictionary of sequences .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  read   data

test:  get channels from channel .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json formated method .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  checks   checks

test:  infrastructure' add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  since inequality is a autocovariance .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   dipole
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   string
truth:  null   in

test:  return the namespace from namespace or none if a namespace is the type of a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   options
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract the given file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that expands lines will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test line with same label label labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a warning to be passed to the json for a bokeh python type .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync folder data from all installed apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  create new service .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  set up the z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  cast a utf8 .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a manage index name from the specified host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  get   get
truth:  host   host

test:  test that an ssh stub .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a simple tasks for rdp a pull request .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  add a new module to the config file .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test adding html report to html .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   null
truth:  adding   test

test:  uses decrypter to read the out_stream of an input stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  mask   generation

test:  save and save it to the current image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  save   function
truth:  convert   image

test:  take the received tool as installable as it evolves over time as new tool shed features are introduced .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a normal message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  print   errors
truth:  needed   null

test:  if url is passed to flask .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the json representation of the dataset .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace the image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  evaluates   returns
truth:  increase   image

test:  try to work filters .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  render   a

test:  compare two lists of dicts in python twitters twitters are strings of dicts .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  escape a nested timestamp .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  internal utility for instantiating which are json .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  null   get
truth:  update   a

test:  retrieves the session session session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the absolute path for the tests/ module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  run a python system .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  run   return
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   custom
truth:  disallow   os

test:  if an object to a numpy array of x2 .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a python object .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  format a list of the string .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  format   expand
truth:  null   helper

test:  retry a function to make sure that any exceptions are raised in gevent .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the build properties of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that value is of arbitrary strings .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the int value for the specified value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given ip address is a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  wait for desired date in date format where the unix date is available .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  given   values

test:  extract feedback style @type feedback style form .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   context
truth:  extract   null

test:  run an object to convert a string representation .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  equivalent of the quantile argument .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all identity pool for a list of identity .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  return up to encoding the number of seconds in a string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  get   int
truth:  round   method

test:  returns a dict of parsed link pairs .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  to do the login google cloud provider .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images and match some images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the topic properties for the given policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  this makes sure that the upstart files are available in this file .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  build   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   multiline
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run package by name .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  package   packages
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a list of all the workers that are not import .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a deployment dictionary for the given city .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the average of the specified number .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  return   eeg
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  the inverse of the parent element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  null   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  writes the given node to a file args: lookuptable a rectangle .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the intermediate location .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a document .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to change all module entries in the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving order originally by the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets country name and end of the dimension functions .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert a ttl .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ensures that python files for an executable .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin shows the build site html .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a release release .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  remove all values from dict .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource header for guided representation .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   domain
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   connect
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that installing from writing to end in python 3 exceptions .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  login to requested user .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parses a matthew response file and return a list of paths .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  executes a list of default directories in the system .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  executes   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list locally installed packages cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   return
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  get remote model for an object_list .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a == b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  get the vlan id and vswicth associated with the interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  provide the adjacency matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download files from an application instance .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if module is from a module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  assert   assert

test:  format a string as a percentage of bytes .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  produce   like
truth:  s   s

test:  get the person tag for a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  get   regression
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove files from a remote host via the selected host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  files   attempt
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dict of player which can be used to serialize the json dict .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  the series expansion of a series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   n
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates multiple dicts in sequence of dicts that are dicts .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  frees a list of available audio output modules .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the longest for an array .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  null   alias

test:  provides a difference between two bit a1 .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  gets the user rank with the given value .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities proto .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  method for the repository contained in the repository and are dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  check if a ssh server passed to the ssh server in a running server cli example: .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list in |chunks| to be import .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   calculate
truth:  choose   null

test:  run github or overall routines on the psql .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set the field to match the given indentation to an object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  print   add
truth:  add   add

test:  creates a container volume_type volume_type volume_type .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  use   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator for the items of a list .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure that value exists as an option to a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  unicode   value
truth:  return   a

test:  generate completion for setting rmdir directory .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  module   string
truth:  null   completion

test:  escape html entities in iterable by matching all objects .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  return all modules in values dictionary for given setting .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  set   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the number of users .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run a single command and write some :jenkins-wiki:blame .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  run   dictionary
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl config file .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  sample from randomly sampled elements of the integers .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   bin
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension from the given unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  leaves   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection and its closure .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test traincv .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test fif .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   snr
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a cx .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  solves a simple detection equation function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  solve   information
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  simple method to ignore task errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a formatted message corresponding to the specified banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  given a block for an array .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for data over a url or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  raise a volume group from a thin location .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate the best and its array for which the idea lie .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the smallest integer k such that b^k >= n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named chkconfig service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chkconfig
truth:  disable   null

test:  return the bookmarks fields of a server .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   graph
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a new theme .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  retry for testing information .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  retry   contacts
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily connect a signal handler to the resulting signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  to   null
truth:  context   context

test:  trigger a task link after master .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  compile --> special pattern .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  given a list of length scale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the measure position of the given locationglobal .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the current date is verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  logs a command .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  format   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert a string representation of _cache_id .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  turn   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the restful inputs for event drivers .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list users .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string for the specified engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a single table of a file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert a object to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the symbolic basis given a several pointer .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  test the extension .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  test   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  basic controller .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  compute the group and upper quartiles here .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rotate   a
truth:  does   null

test:  send a single config file .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  send   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  create a new model instance .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  synchronize   null
truth:  null   a

test:  attempt to start a gravatar and return the response .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register an array along an axis and returns the dimension of a new axis inputs .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  exists   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the logging .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   set
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a debugging message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  fixture that returns a redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an integer to find the following network device .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  turns   null

test:  a decorator for remote remote conditions for the test suite .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  display the course upload url for the specified course .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates untranslated file from bom .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  start   update
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the matrix exponential using a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates a fake fake product with the given name .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get current plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  get   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  return the absolute error .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given node is abstract .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  filter the reduced reduced and create a list .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  filter   p
truth:  return   a

test:  helper to validate and all the settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets uri and scopes from the uri .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the ratio of no groups .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  read html encoding .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  help   unicode
truth:  takes   null

test:  set the random seed .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  set   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return currently similarity items for heightgrid .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns text with a blank space characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of services that apply the most appropriate parameters .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   implementation
truth:  get   get

test:  is an re which matches any character with the string s characters .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the string corresponding to fakedrivers .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  direct   function
truth:  input   input

test:  check that all the rule has necessary permissions on the given action object which is created and sets the current user .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return 64bit size of fallocate .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   disk

test:  transforms a list of tuples the properties from the row .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  transforms   convert
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  single user index page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive and extract src to the destination directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  this takes a list of interfaces or an integer array returns a string containing the ifname of interfaces filesystem .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  append relationships to book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  append   sigmoid
truth:  link   link

test:  get the release id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  normally only one or more iterables in the current datastore .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new suffix hash function using the reverse encryption parameters .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   like
truth:  create   a

test:  ping external allowing setting that may be saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing a wheel with installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert document to uuid .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  format   format

test:  given a user matching a new filesystem .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a string to the public rsa .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  check if target was able to be able to target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  test that handling of event events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   event

test:  return text fix from androids .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  canonicalize   role
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a list of names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  given   check
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  gets   null

test:  default page for the page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file system .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the nzbget sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search that convert the given hsub example: .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  updates   name
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  return a html configuration about configuration .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   config

test:  make sure the old proxy settings .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  make   check
truth:  create   create

test:  sane -> 0 .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert the nth unit in given python .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  read   replaces
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a also object from the specified data which should be a bytestring .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  returns the url for the given token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  convert keys with keys in final .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the column status for the given column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a filename .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path of the datadir in this specified datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks if a url is an url against the given url with the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a conn .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   network
truth:  delete   a

test:  open the mock management .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  url   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  generate running django server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from aliyun instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the unix clustering of a given image matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a vector of normally .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   product
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a module to an attribute name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  attribute   return
truth:  adapted   null

test:  convert a _sympify stack string into proto .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  convert an object to a byte string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  convert   elementwise
truth:  return   x

test:  send the current user .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  set   method
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   return
truth:  change   change

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora based distros .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the message catalog for the given message and start a function .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  return   suspend
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  performs system build .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  make   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns an array of indices on a given filepath .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the boundary number of nbunch to a boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the url is running for the specified url .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by fixed address .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  test if files exist at variable of the config files .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test a arbitrary function .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   null

test:  check for git unpickling guest version .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch json for process .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going to match the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  logs that user is logged in .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  sends   log
truth:  view   view

test:  parses a step status into a step range from identical digits .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  convert   convert

test:  determine the metaclass class given a given class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  if   return

test:  returns the n-th norm of standard normal distribution .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  calculate precision .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  remove variables & var(p) and register any new versions .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  filter   env
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  compute shortest shortest markers for except entries .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   generate
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decode a python object to a python object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  declare   deserialize
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  generate a tarball from the given string .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a list of schemas filtering to a module names .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  return   a

test:  runs blkid commands and return the path and error if possible .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  runs   get
truth:  known   get

test:  typical channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the first node which will be sent to a node in node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  test files in test cases .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns flavor metadata based on the flavor ref .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the amazon transcoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the user can receive preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  mimic   predict
truth:  updates   updates

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a function by name .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise shape function .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as endpoint but not heightgrid .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a list of children[c] classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  release a lease lease to the vm .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  release   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get and return the settings from a file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  write   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return system information for operating system .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   repr
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create an md5 hash from a given ip .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual dict .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute polynomial exact leading coefficient of f and options .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  create a temporary directory .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  check   attributes
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string in negative format to be a string of bytes at some unicode characters in an unicode .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  return a string representing the hash of the given hash .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  make   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  if a theme or activate jobs may be a theme friendly key .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  null   file
truth:  link   link

test:  returns a full path to the executable in concatenated max_depth dir for adapters .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return a human readable representation of the provided size .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current bug .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the normal central moment / variance**2 - mean of gain moment is fourth .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   generic
truth:  is   null

test:  provides a function for adding some arbitrary objects to a test case .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  provides   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  promotes a scalar operator to the given operator .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  promotes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  takes   binary
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the pids of a process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  messaging filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compress the given data structure and return the compressed string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  s   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  given a numpy array .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a given number is composite that depend on the given number of models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  if   sandwich
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the standard process name of python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an mouse converted to each smallest set of circular points .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  determines if this request resolves to see if the given host is made .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the rendered template path for a template with properties .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the python2/3 cover .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the last element value .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test neutron without having to the end of an neutron line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   behave
truth:  test   test

test:  close serial tunnel if it is not a proxied already exists .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify data numbers based on 2 layer of float numbers of length 3 units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  only work on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  write a string to a normal string .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the current movie time time time player .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print and return the page given its str->none .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  print   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the role function .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lists   database

test:  get command of a message based on the configurations .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  index   null
truth:  load   data

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  a simple helper method to check if a string is an absolute path .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  takes   checks
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  check if string is an open file .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence sentence .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  determine the number of multipolar .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  determine   scale
truth:  null   null

test:  handle widgets of primary widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  caches   null
truth:  moving   handle

test:  resample the supplied image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  preprocesses   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const field_type identifier = const_value | const | identifier = const_value sep .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the columns of brands when he are any brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  turn a list of sample data into a inventory inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  outline the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  multiply   shell
truth:  alteration   a

test:  write all open services in and triggers rows .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  print   a

test:  delete the database .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  avoid   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the accessor that is a valid ip address .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  call the given command .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  call   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  get gcode and support of the first line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a data .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the host is a valid email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  detect if the given engine and detect other packages .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  add   null
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return pending errors .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  allow   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack root driver for mapping at the drivers .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  add volume types to volume by context .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  display the amount of idle time until the user is still restore .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  display   handler
truth:  displays   null

test:  calculate the goodness quaternion for being treated as a pair of points in binary for being treated as a function .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  is   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  show a message from the user .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  ask   create
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the zeroize and reuturns configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute l21 means .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   norm

test:  returns the value of an option and create a value from the configuration .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a password to use the password to connect to .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   function
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  convert a numpy boolean array to a numpy boolean series of bytes or dict representing the further numeric values first argument to cleaned things .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  add the cookie access token .
truth: set g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  set   g

test:  return a bootstrap linux container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  create a numsamples: id from the current machine .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  hide   implementation
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the memory usage in use as calls .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   memory

test:  helper function to find and archive input from strings .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  if   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount up location for a default location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check the thumbnail fingerprint .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate and outputs everything to long v1 description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get the string type of the latest connection type filters from and then for a given regexp .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  same as a hex hex hex string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  convert   binary

test:  return those items in a list of unique tuples .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dominating weighted node which are dominating .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the entire sample for a given python upload .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a random uniform uniform uniform random .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  convert the json object to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the front group of the given loglikelihood group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  formats value into a string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  formats   indent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating socket connections .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  group all bench .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  bench   example
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository metadata from the database via id and metadata .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return the modules of the given module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test the full test of samples parameters .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series of pattern from the series/index .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that symbols even if accepted .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper for standard garch process in arma mode on the ols captured for arma .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  is   function
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove "unload" .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   whitespace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create an email on an email address .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  post watching a listed forum .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  view   view

test:  always return a native path from the given object .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  lookup a list of linear budget_bundle_kit and return a list of lists with the lists .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns whether the given app is currently being executed by the current commit .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds new computenode for all comments in another request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  return system information about any of the system .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   rss

test:  load fixing source files from a sinusoidal .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  load   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  given a query to filter pids .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install latest config .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  require   conda

test:  fake version of _thread .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  increment   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for a url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  fit the distribution on distribution .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  exists   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this is only checks if modules are pooling code .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  replaces   pass
truth:  if   check

test:  set the username and password .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  set   set

test:  returns true if a given count is valid .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  split html character .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all gems from system ruby the given ruby ruby the ruby for which to be no for the given ruby instance to all gems .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   sensors

test:  set the entire mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   test
truth:  track   track

test:  api to {'owner' hook for github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   api
truth:  to   api

test:  fake the row from a one weights and builds weights for each one .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  samples   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  internal helper function to create the certificate from the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get all sqs 'us-east- :type client: string .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  convert a matrix to a cloud qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the function flags as a function function .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  this should write a history file to standard item .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   history
truth:  save   null

test:  concatenate dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: '[dry]' publish trend to provide the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to build another jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  server   function
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpu in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the graded value from the unique autotest_remote module .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes an arbitrary string in a standard name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a flat tuple or object .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  format   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source and headers .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  this filter does nothing but preserves and return a list of words which have a string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   return
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate a validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  null   validator
truth:  goes   null

test:  send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper function for the identifier for the list of increase itself .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  open function for linking to handle stdin .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   page
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return a name in the type .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get details about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   information
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an url to the tool shed to the request .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first letter of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  creates a plotly corresponding to that named graph or pil image .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  ftp linear filter parameters x: the input and the output linear system as a single function of the given coordinate linear system .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  shared   theano

test:  convert everything n to python preserving the given tree at least one statement .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  get a database dictionary .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  helper function for common code .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  return metric data base .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   data

test:  purge organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  ensure that the user removed user has removed for this project .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  separates   users

test:  like what type matches the specified number of hosts .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  testing   error
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver load balancer cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a object to a dict .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  dynamically add a repository registry and sets the repository registry .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  inputs   a
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the number of nodes to only the proper coefficients .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  returns   geometry
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a diff .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  pick the context of the host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new description cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  converts a numerical pennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  converts   kernel
truth:  null   price

test:  utility function for when a given number of subfolders times .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a signed integer so we can composite the xprotect_reports of a number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  shortcut   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  are   null

test:  place two theano variables .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : uminus uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  detach   service
truth:  null   service

test:  returns the first list of strings from the product that has no effect .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   shape

test:  turn a 1-hot matrix into 1-hot for use with 1-hot layer .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default template handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  error   view
truth:  default   default

test:  process the testcases .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   process
truth:  command   command

test:  disable one or more colors after each snippet .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  expands is list to memory .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  is   variables
truth:  finds   null

test:  conditional printed version of output/logged .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  find vpc tags or name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract files and status from mako around source files .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  return   message

test:  fetch inputs from a channel vector or function .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  create the default subplots params .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   calls
truth:  create   create

test:  try to get gce authentication results .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  download all the benchmark urls that are in the video .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a user delete with a specified key and name .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  deinstalls   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get current database connection pool for this deployment .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  warnings   helper
truth:  issue   a

test:  whether two or more same paths .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the case has been uploaded when we dont support them .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  creates an energy .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  given   a

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  list environment roles for user course_key .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  splits   method
truth:  list   list

test:  code in locale to include locale code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  code   return
truth:  if   null

test:  test that .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the default vlc file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified order rather than specific order on an order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy from the given policy returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the sdists port and write it to the **compressed already .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  return a link to the document associated with a abstract .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given volume status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  replaces a string between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get list of github hook in a particular response .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  list   fetch
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encrypts the on-disk key using the coordinates to manage the function to write the password to .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  encrypts   return
truth:  format   format

test:  return available cpu metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  list q set .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   multiple

test:  get the virtual switch volume group cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for more iterables .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to create a user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile the compiler to include the path of subprocess strings so that it is the with subprocess arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  show the config files located in the specified config .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  add initial counts to global state .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  add   up
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the value given value and an integer .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns a lambda function that preserves the disjunction each node in a dict .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  only one or more pathname strings .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  url   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal up to a numpy array .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output dataset to run a dataset .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  send the reset password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  st -> return the string expr .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  convert the display value for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  convert a axes .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the linear entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  configure and decode data .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  implement   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a string representation of the current utils .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  used   function

test:  tests '#filter is checked out .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  creates a new rpc object .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  creates   default
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of valid mean .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  clears the terminal level and flushes exit .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute cross-talk source image .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   representation
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a string of hexadecimal bits with python 2 .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  convenience method to remove the given parameter secret for the list of parameter parameter objects .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the unix timestamp when a process is created .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   attempt
truth:  provides   null

test:  change comment of a translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   source
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts all parsing sequences into clickable .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the application that runs a wsgi environment variables for the request assigned to the request .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the wont better better .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check if a bcache driver exists .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   return
truth:  pick   pick

test:  when adding a positive invariant with an invariant invariant .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  is   a
truth:  model   a

test:  update the value in the dictionary by its key keys .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a new numpy image label for the given series of images .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   image

test:  list all playlists and its attrs .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  check   endpoints
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis redis information .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  set a pre-hook-method-name of lists into a list of strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  *color* the resource action action for documents .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  return a new version of the requests .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post the snapshots applied by a salt job snapshots are created by a salt job id to lookup config file .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  open   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take an asset graph based on basic asset and ranges for a symbol based on its _reduce_code() or dataframe .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  take   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   integer
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the simple way to check if the gradient parameter is not try to use the comparison of the sequence .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  is   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   try

test:  return an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the directed graph of the graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  equivalent to the entire own python related patches .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  a helper method to prevent internalerror error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if we are using media .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   distutils
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this standard outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  tokens   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  read a key file and return its contents .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  read   load
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with histogram histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verifies that a user is valid and will require an existing password .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  downloads an notification from the uuid .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether xml looks like a normal tool .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   vpc

test:  receives the config file specified as a configuration object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  add msgpack text to a read header .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all available results available in a system .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra information for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  wraps api references to document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  set   a
truth:  find   find

test:  install a package with the current system .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  install   riak
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows systems with setquota .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  helper for adding keys to the same index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  index   index

test:  creates a ipv6 address from a given address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  provides   null

test:  return true if the given user is running on the beets of the specified cron .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   method
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the {'source-name' api setting is {'source-name' .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  migrates   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verify that the given hash is an flask hash string and verifies that the user can be flushed .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  find possible string in its component of a given header .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version field used to create the yaml file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns true if s can be found in color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list [{'source' [{'source' : provider errors .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   a
truth:  model   model

test:  load and return whether an action is set to our configuration .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  if   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  select a file system for this project .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  select   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  write the log file to the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  write   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  checks to see if the response has a given patch object in its vary patch .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   response
truth:  adds   null

test:  saves the github filesystem .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait until client has been set in redis prompt .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return the metadata for image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  remove aws buckets and x_{2}^e .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively set up everything under a given path .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  look   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read from a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are not a same .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a base64 encoded string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding the file to the filename case the filename will preserve the filename case of this version arguments: -d the filename to the filename to the filename case the
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a name and return the python object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  x01 coefficients for a vector between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  get   field
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform f(k) to a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) f(x) a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) = p_i or cosine-type .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a time from hex to decimal .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a string to a string from a filename .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  translate or files back to empty strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  finds 2 dicts by two times parameters d1 : int .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  finds   checks
truth:  null   product

test:  return text from a number of text files .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  text   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  selects the number of available devices .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  selects   in
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensure the absolute path to a task used for one random data files .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  null   python

test:  filter out from git file .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   a
truth:  null   convolution

test:  yield items in order by items .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  yield   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a table .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one letter distribution .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  cast   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional return a multi-dimensional closing closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  false} if the history for mysql was modified .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allows the security group of a user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  run   security

test:  converts a str_to_datetime string to rfc 3339 .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for contain the default finalizers .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  default   default

test:  helper function to convert a string to a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  function   str
truth:  null   null

test:  this will hide the students used in the next page .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  incoming   json
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is at least html strings .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  searches through the available search for search .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a class to be called when an ssh class is called .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  stop a given container count the system .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  rules   count
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compile compile logical spline for a line of hostname .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  closest a file from the path .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ask for a particular query .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  ask   -
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the set of swap blocks that are in the specified job .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return user output of a remote os .
truth: get slug . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  get   slug

test:  verifies that a course is download and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  uploads   student
truth:  null   a

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  function   method
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts a sample from the given sample ids to the salt-run .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  extracts   accept
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the slice attribute name .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   set

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   like

test:  helper function to determine the matplotlib transformation .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   create
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  download a file from a file and return the contents of cmd .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  download   return
truth:  caches   caches

test:  list an a service by a specific service on a specific value .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function which supports class declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  make sure that a deferred ends and returns the result as a deferred .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  make   a
truth:  see   null

test:  return a struct code for failure in the struct id .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  return   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key for the specified beautifulsoup key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests if this is normal distribution objects for life design .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  if   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get the name of a view file storage .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string like 5 days into an unix timestamp string .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  checks to see if the response has a given patch object in its vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  to   response
truth:  adds   null

test:  given a sequence of lists of field .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of randomly sampled actions where each element are drawn from a random graph .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   a

test:  check for ports_client server .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current options to use for logging .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a file is installed and should be read .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given a string or a unicode instance .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the directory for which the named package is located .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a python list of strings from a lexer .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  builds   try
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  fixture which ensures the requests and cleaning are returned when the test completes .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator that adds a function or method dependencies .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the main operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   operation

test:  generates the path to the path to the mercurial master version in an '--all' tarball .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  project   current
truth:  return   a

test:  determine the class name for a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  flag   logger
truth:  set   set

test:  get all status from the metadata task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  decorator to temporarily sends an existing protocol .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  resolves   file
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  checks for a given name .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the ip address from a python packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given an object .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  expands   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a named route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  allows you to be available in a list .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  join   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  add admin user to the asset in form .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  check if http status code is high .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get information on a new pattern cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  if there is no list .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  if   null

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  link   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  guess and returns its string in frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  tasuki gap .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test data_url() event .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  test   test

test:  dont try to identify imports by a list of active modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write the current contents of two linebuffer .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   code
truth:  output   output

test:  gets the machine key to be used for the removal with the name field context .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  gets   add
truth:  have   null

test:  implement implementation .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculates the signature of a string .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  gets group types .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return dictionary of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal difference interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  write a status of a function .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new numpy array with terms of the given number .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  move   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota network cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns file object containing the extension for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the grains of available ports cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the cached timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime version from the show version output print output to stdout .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check the constructs constructs of the outputs are working .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator to know the desired objects view return a notification view for the provided dotted view .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  redefine   alternative
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return path .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits exit .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a function name .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user view for the given login .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set to specific keypress keypress .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long and a string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  for a module or json with some metadata .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  set   metadata

test:  one-hot the theano matrix b: a theano matrix .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   w

test:  make sure that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a relative path from a matrix .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  p   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  export the given module to be saved .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  make   new
truth:  export   export

test:  get all services .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter out the given data response from a list of data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the username for the given rate .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  identify   returns
truth:  compute   image

test:  gradient gradient of a gradient wrt x and sum parameters x : symbolic expression .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  djangos   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  render all other templates .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   widgets
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   list
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return a human-readable formatter from the given file .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  find quota volume in gluster volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  find   quota
truth:  list   quotas

test:  expand the newest parameter in two strings .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  -   -

test:  connect to the given help value .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  disable   checks
truth:  check   google

test:  make a single table for use as provisioning .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  make   tuples
truth:  if   null

test:  update the image with the supplied plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   validates
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of layers for a given user cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fit a fragment by hashing it from a .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  fit   arrays
truth:  null   regression

test:  set up main application to main filters .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  add   entry
truth:  nested   update

test:  return the assignment for course with the given course_id .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the cumulative distribution for a 1d potential hole .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create rpc object that will be passed to the given public and accumulatemethods .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  create   create
truth:  get   get

test:  delete media document and return all of a list of files inside a list of bytearrays .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  store   store

test:  given a file-like object .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  it should not starting a local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  null   install
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to encode streams using ascii85 .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  make   method
truth:  to   method

test:  return a list of keyword strings .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  allow you to covert to pcredz on a python data structure .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolves   prefix
truth:  if   null

test:  simply print to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  test   a
truth:  output   a

test:  returns a new path to the path_info .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  see two sorted entries a .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  given   find
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return a suitable namespace and its fully qualified name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolves   options
truth:  resolve   a

test:  gets the name of a given filename .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  marks a given interface into an iterable of xmlobject .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  process   binary
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified dotted job is absent name : string path of the specified user; mask -- the location of the specified user; even also work mask to the
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  apply the graph for the latest matching the given graph .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  get   a

test:  close a doctest for use with reading to derivative data .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  close   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of tuples in the admx index .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  return   tags
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper method to parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  null   command
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the name of the profiler used to store the current instance id .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  hidden by x**n in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  the function that returns the current time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the tcp public sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the native harmonic or native harmonic contents to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find users home directory .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the base directory path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  compile   file
truth:  if   path

test:  list interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  interfaces   null
truth:  bind   bind

test:  creates a new application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  display   a

test:  stop a scheduled task that just runs the text .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a new player cipher .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  creates   api
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string from the package database .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  compares   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  display the outline dialog .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  display   file
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the arithmetic float element in an iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  extract tweets from a valid json .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  allocated   update

test:  return a model instance to the given datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  allocates   null

test:  writes checkpoint order to template encoded checkpoint using any given mapping .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  function   copy
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator that takes a list of sequences .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  set the standard value from the given photoimage .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  is   l1
truth:  return   a

test:  return all es connection associated with the given service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  process all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  checks   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that an undirected matrix correctly .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  fit   list
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return absolute path to the current resource .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check that twitter link and return their twitter mainloop .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the user object name from the hadoop account .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  metric the given vectors for each feature distances .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  process   replaces
truth:  labels   labels

test:  check that optional keys are required .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new milestons image size .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  input   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the sentence to handle various values .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a write floating point tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   float
truth:  write   null

test:  stop a cluster via the beginning of the given cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  get local client from the client folder if not exists .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a list of integers to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  page through a program in a temporary directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  use   run
truth:  write   null

test:  feedreader inspired from clients .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  patches and parses the zip submission .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  request   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  subtract two english phrases ignoring starting them .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the previously set of indentation level events .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   query
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage that were deleted usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   volumes

test:  register a widget .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  compute size of a 2-d filter transform of a given dimension .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  obtain   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test if the string argument is a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  test   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return abbreviated parameter and return the proper url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  lookup and return the illumina closed sharing from the given app .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  displays an item or fields onto the document .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  buckets   a
truth:  exposes   null

test:  for scotvote events; .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  converts newlines in a directories format to tuples .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the user name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  test the average of average score .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate gradient squared to ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common paths common includes common element common to support common paths .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the item from the wsgi port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the tags level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  checks to see if were built without being a " .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute axis length of a model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  plot   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  install and start an args['compile client in a specified client .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is true .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  convert a mode or a fraction to even .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns value that matches value and 0 .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  raises   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the subtitle video .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  lookup projects and require what to be given .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   pricing
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  try to return the preferred unicode .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  decode   decode

test:  performs a new example usage certificates .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  tests for pytest outputs are appending as commands .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  specifically for on_key_press text uploads by short-term some respective sequences: filehandles and return the text value .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return an base path to the relative url .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  allow {{ childen to be used for logging jobs .
truth: format sys . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns integer in the range .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  checks if the required status is done according to the specified backoff .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  if   status
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  compare a software package spec to a desired version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set path for current directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   owner
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the value of the named option to use as postgresql option .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a userstory points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  delete a location from a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  generator the user preferences .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  is   updates
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the cyclic statistic of the camera .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  computes the kinetic of squared error .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  computes   prefix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a canonical path into .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  convert   attribute
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager for the current context .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  applies   sets
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the search view that returns the section with a single search string and returns the section to make up against the section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return unicode values of an object as a numpy object .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns ri auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download the devicezones list objects from one list and execute draganddrop .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  null   device

test:  returns the default [a] users for use in subsequent entity .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  reload the file or it is being executed in .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app identity api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return id of a script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   requests
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the regularized of the kruskal-wallis method for external_declaration .
truth: given data x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   data

test:  gets the pid of a process id or id was defined by the user cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load and return the sysctl .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  load   run
truth:  run   run

test:  run psql state .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  run   prefix
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  a helper function to signal handler .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  test if hosts information is an 1extension generated by the directories .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  if   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  create and returns a new instance .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  using   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  download the current setting of the given call to delayed the file containing delayed and return delayed .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  convert a list of json onto a dictionary .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns true if and only if the worker frames .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  deprecated: list network nodes that are handled in a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  return   list
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an instance of a query string from instance .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator: engine method for invalid entities .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the overhang icon for an array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if responses to this ccx is not been selected to a given url .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  decodes   helper
truth:  call   str

test:  main function to main method .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  applies   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a time to a text3d for univariate library>&num=50&sort=timestamp .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   works
truth:  defines   null

test:  true if the object is a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds a palette by appending the led to a palette to drive .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  copied   returns
truth:  produces   a

test:  creates a django pathspec file and returns a recent one .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the list of the grade attribute .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : primary_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  true if certain field is a full module .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restart an exception .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  link   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list the deployed services for a given tempest .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  set   set

test:  converts the value to the mask to the db .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  sanitize -> line .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  url   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a substring .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  null   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  returns the metadata for a given country and metadata .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a string identifying the app .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for adding a event priority to the decorated method .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   in
truth:  register   event

test:  set all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert data to a set of variables .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  display a list of invitation error .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  forms   shows
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the highstate cobbler module registration hook .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   skeleton
truth:  put   put

test:  returns the 'graph' distance from a directed graph .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  read   read

test:  get a number of decimal numbers with locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split an expression into qexpr .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  null   host
truth:  split   split

test:  creates an bandstop field with some parameters .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  create   a

test:  set up pydata upload time to live major .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  set   a
truth:  push   a

test:  return a mock for a script .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  post the text on number of markdown .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   part

test:  build the provider lun lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  write   create
truth:  builds   null

test:  make a tarball to a directory via a given archive directory .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  make   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of total percentage contained in this file .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   find
truth:  computes   null

test:  yields a sequence of query index objects with the query string .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  merges   use
truth:  build   a

test:  add a the lms control .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   a
truth:  set   set

test:  verify whether the hadoop is present in the solutions in the hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  hostname   returns
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the given power-cycle .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   function
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the entire data prepends .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   set
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if k is not installed .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to salt minion cli example: .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  hashes an encrypted hash given the given secret and key separately of it .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  write   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears the caches of the current machine .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is 'off'x and some values are missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function kei(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  assert that the file doesnt have a regex after a particular exception exceptions .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  trying to execute calls osx and return the resulting result .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all python tests in the given directory .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  load a module path based on a absolute object name .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu convolution convolution for bloomsky model .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  convert   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volumedriver driver implementations .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a base64 encoded string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  main method .
truth: main program . 
test:  ensure   point
truth:  null   program

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  flow   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  check a non-existing matrix with an error .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns an undirected list of degree possibly nodes in order .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the name of the linked to this package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify that an vat number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the line tetrahedral of the graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the filename of this directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test scaling of instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   up
truth:  if   url

test:  get the changed id of an object .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  get   check
truth:  check   check

test:  back rational = column-expressions x = name_or_obj .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  implement a sum of matrices .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize a number string to a string dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  take   a

test:  split a list of unnecessary titles into titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  download   title
truth:  split   a

test:  converts an expression to a string .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  creates or edits directories in cloud storage directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of json .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  open   connect
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns an iterator of uris for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path of csv file based on the filename to the filename .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  given   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the subelements from the form api id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  replace a new logging handler in the standard file .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the probability swapcase(s) .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays a date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate the authmechanism strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return a string from the form of the file .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true if the given package is currently configured for this application .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of lock board id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version from the number of latest version options .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   version
truth:  return   return

test:  compute instance of obj around object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate a application error to a identity error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  get the dynamic tmp[ directory .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a function or run a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns author' export data .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  display   storage
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete a domain and an image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper that transparently handles bom encoding .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  object   helper
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert key to the value of the specified key .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   setup
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable the update dacl into the type of the state .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  in-place -> str resolve none to the corresponding ascii equivalent .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates global state .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  updates   updates

test:  returns the current json report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check whether translation is being passed to the logs not correct: log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  reset worker process .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 date representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return a dict describing specific volume id .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  hex   return
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two arrays are not ordered to get the their coefficient .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  scores' scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  decode a list of character encoded string .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  enumerates   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so that the exact query will automatically change the proper function is turned into method automatically compatible .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  builds the given datetime object for the given type and offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this is an xblock that should be consistent for the given xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  filter identifiers from a list of file to names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  dags the user in the local system .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  update   update

test:  return list of all preprocessor info on the system cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a best and format for any given data with the given data in the given format and format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loop   loop

test:  extract messages from a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the network to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if it is required or equal to the limit .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  if   time
truth:  null   method

test:  send -> str arguments: pid : pid to send .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  send   waits
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the jid is a situation .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a script that formats an usage option for master cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  null   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  decorator for aws set of steps to rpc .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks if the field has been errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check unregisters by the current system .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  check if a labeled argument is a ieee .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  convert ipv6 address into hex representation .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  supporting with an authorized endpoint filtering based on an love method .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string made up of random chars from source .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  expands expands and * currently 59-character .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  slice   slice

test:  cast an entry to a salt:// request .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  to   str
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  batch a single range of data while returning a certain range of the form .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  list the tags available .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  list   a
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  run an executable command .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  null   profiling
truth:  null   interface

test:  return domain name of the domain for a given url .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   example

test:  return url to the classpath root directory that contains a given classpath .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  list the currently loaded modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the set of uploading .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  execute a command and read the sorted compiler .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source to set organization .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return options used for the carbon options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  return   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an action .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the current container nodes in the correct container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  module   set
truth:  split   split

test:  find 'range' keys .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  get   row

test:  compute an array of pointers for the passed keychain .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  mask   implementation
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate 2d array .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  concatenates   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given input logs cli example: .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  returns link .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert images .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  function   function

